This is a fabulous watch. Easy to read, lots of fun and a real talking point. Just love it.
My daughter was really pleased with the charm bracelet watch and it has worked fine since charged up.
Indeed a great surprise to have this watch at the marked cost.It coped all my expectations
This is a great classic watch from Philip. Size is 37MM. The bracelet is awesone. Highly recommend.
The jewelry box at first seemed very small however it worked out beautifully! Thanks Amazon and Wolf Design!
This functions like a bracelet and contains a watch when opened. It is attractive and practical, indoors or out.
Watch is perfect for casual and sportyDurable and watch dial is perfect size. I have small wrists.Looks very stylish
I thought it was nice, love the travel case, but it is small for the price.
Nice watch, offered at a great price. Delivered very quickly. 5***** for Service !
This watch is beautiful. I like it a lot. The seller is great also.
Good value for cost. Hinges seem well made compared to other cases I have tried.
The box is exactly as advertised and well-packaged. Shipment was on time. I'm very pleased!
The box is of high quality and my watches look great in it. Good value for the cost.
Outstanding quality and value. eco drive recharges itself. Never needs a battery
This watch definetely values it's price. Classic, yet stylish. For a woman, it will make a difference.
I bought this one as a gift for my Mom. She likes it a lot.
Great watch! Easy to read dial but still has a bit of artistic flair. Keeps good time!
The band breaks easy and is hard to replace. The functions are difficult to understand.
this is a fun watch,it runs & looks great the seller shiped fast& discription good
Nice design, accurate, useful alarm and tough.I like this watch very much. It's cool!
Great watch. Very readable. But, I cannot change Date format from DD/MM to MM/DD as per instructions.
The watch works well but the compass hand is indistinguishable from the time hands, increasing the chance of error.
Excellent. Gentle with even the most expensive watches. Very easy to load and unload.
the quality of this watch winder is much more than its price
Nothing wrong with this winder. It's not silent but not loud either. does the trick for me!
The vendor delivered the product as promised. I did not have any issues. Excellent service.
This watch winder only worked one day and has not worked since - I do not recommend at all.
Purchased one two years ago that died. For the price, it is worth it.
this product has lived up to everything that I wanted it to be, works great and is hassel free.
The product works as intended. I've had for over six months now and is perfect.
I bought 3 of these - and now none work! Very poor quality and not recommended
It works great but I only wished it could have been sent to my Canadianaddress.
They work fine. They are slightly noisy when they are running but not bad.
Great bargain for the price. Vertical design minimizes space usage. Not too noisy; does the trick!
I got this for our Rolex watches and it works very well and quite too.
For the price you can't go wrong, go for it. Not bad at all
This watch is really good with a lot of functionality. I used the alarm a lot.
This is purely a simple watch that is legible, easy to see at night and comfortable.
The watch was great, it was like I thought it was.The shipping was on time and fast.
This was gift for my daughter at the holidays and she loves it!! Great price and fast delivery!!!
Very expensive looking.Comes w/ limited warranty. Great watch from ESQ which movado makes!GREAT quality as well as price- scored!
This watch is big but very nice. The color combination is very nice and elegant.
I have tried a few chronograph watches from different makers, this one was my favorite.
The watch is okay, but the mother of pearl lacks luster and color. Disappointing.
nice styling - now if it only kept time. cannot compare with less expensive timex.
Slick watch alarm doesn't work. Seller very helpful, offers to resend item. But no thanks
its look like very niceand the price is very good for this productwe need more like this stylethank you
Brought it for my daughter and she loved it.She loves pink and butterflies. Sandra
for my daughter! She loves it and has heard many compliments.
I love it. Its an excellent watch in design and machine. thanks. A great fashion watch!!!
I would definitely recommend this watch to anyone. I have seen it for twice as much as I paid.
My husband absolutely loved this watch that I gave him for Christmas. It is perfect for his runs!
buen reloj a buen precio, ideal para ni&ntilde;os y adolescentes. Lo recomiendo, muy buen precio.
this is a great watch, big face, excellent quality, exactly as expected from description and picture
It's pretty but functional. My daughter wears it constantly and can roughhouse around in it and it's safe.
Very happy with product. Product was clearly identified on web page, and received same. Terrific sales and service.
Ordered this watch but decided to return because it was just too heavy and bulky
Hi,I like this product,Thank's for your attention and excellent efficiency, 100 % recommendedAtt .Manuel MarquezVenezuela
Just an updated version of the old-school Ironman. Tough and dependable. Good watch for work.
I loved this watch!!!It is so light weight and the looks is very elegant....A great watch for gift.
i have my rolex but this is the watch i wear everyday, it that saving enought?
I love this model. It is simple with many options at the same time. Very durable and comfortable.
The Timex is a good watch I liked the analog & digital combo its easy to read & use.
Pros: Easy to read, day or night. Light weight. Rugged face.Cons: Strap backwards: buckle should attach to lower half.
FANTASTIC. Cost great. Back light great. Time keeping great. Eight year battery great.
Everythng I wanted! Indiglo, date, waterproof, stylish. I bought this for my boyfriend, he loves it.
Good price, accurate description and fast shipping. I'll be back to check for your merchandise again.
Very nice watch. Easy to setup and start using. My daughter rarely ever takes it off.
I'm very happy with this product. It works great and didnt give me any problems.
The watch is very nice and functional.The watch is very nice and functional.The watch is very nice and functional.
Es un reloj excelente y de buena calidad. Mi hija est&aacute; encantada con su nuevo reloj. Lo recomiendo ampliamente.
The watch works fine but the alarm button/pull came out after only a few weeks of use.
I got this watch as gift as one of my friends.Very good for the value, would recommend it.
Nice watch very sporty and perfect for everyday ....! the price is great ...buy it and have fun :-)
Thanx for the fast service on my PurchaseMy Xmas Gift for myselfWhat a great watch
Great watch, quality and price - would recommend. My husband is very happy with it.
My husband wears this watch like every single day. It's very well made, great material. Goes with many things!
The shipment is made in time, but the watch is not kept well. Still acceptable.
Sapphire Crystal, Invicta Quality, under a hundred bucks! What more can I say!
The watch is very nice. It is dressy enough for work but casual enough for weekends.
cheap and cheesy ....not as nice as the picture...really not worht the price
bought the watch for my nephew. he loves the ability to interchange the parts.
Great service, product is perfect for my son i'll give 5 of 5 to this product and seller!!!
Actually this is a very nice watch -- unfortunately - it didn't work and I had to return it.
It is a great watch. It is exactly as discribed and there shipping was very fast
This item was also an awesome gift for Christmas from my husband...It arrived on time and is lovely.
This is a nice watch for a tween or older. Cute and stylish. Great price Amazon!
Great product, and it was shipped really fast to my house.
Great, Love it!!!! I run with it every morning keeps me on track with the stopwatch
Not on hold at the post office, where is this item?! Why haven't I received it yet?
i am very satisfied with this product. it was a gift and arrived in a timely manner.
Very pleased with product. Arrvied on time and everything was as described. Would recommend to anyone.
how the watch work what is solar atomic does it need a battery
This watch is everything it said it was. And for the money you can't beat it. Thanks, Randy
Great watch for the adventure loving tech savvy folks.Rugged, cool and highly endurable.Go for this guys...........good value for money.
Actually liked this watch but was a gift for my son and someone else also bought him one.
Great watch, great price, looks fantastic, light but strong, just what I was looking for.
I bought this for my husband for christmas and he loves it. The color is perfect!
Really a GREAT watch. Does everything as promised. My other watches are lonely...Thanks Casio and thanks Amazon
It is Casio's luxury brand, but seems to have the same underlying mechanism as much cheaper regular Casio watches
very good product it is all that is just a little thing mark. altimeter must often be calibrates
Still learning to use it but is fantastic. The altimeter takes some time to adjust.
For the price and abundant features this watch can't be beat. I reccommend it.
this watch was a father's day gift for my husband. he wanted it for months.he loves it. great quality!!!
Great product at a good price,though bulky in size. Was pleased with prompt service.
the watch is fine bu the package arrived in a mesirable state, otherwise it is ok
It is a good buy,i highly recommend dealing with amazon.i had a very bad experience with e bay
The watch was ordered for my Daughters Boyfriend. He loves it and it came very quick
This product came promptly and as described, pleasure doing business with them!-d
The watch will not charge and is now dead...after only 2 months. Back it goes.
Was as described, time is accurate and watch is a very fashionable piece to compliment my wardrobe.
It is a pretty good locking watch. I've been using it for only 2 weeks.
The watch was great and I was very impressed at how quickly I received it during the holidays.Kudos.
Everything went well. Product arrived on time and was as described. Happy with both product and service.
This is a great product! The dial is a great, rich red color, and my husband loves it!
The watch Looks nice is good, with multi functions.Only things is the entire belt should have been of steel.
The watch is beautiful in person... it also has good weight to it. Highly recommend.
Great watch. I've had it for several months, and it works great. Love the loose-fit, sophisticated style.
pleased overall- ordered 2 -one for myself one for gift. Both happy with product to this date.
Service excellent. Had to return product due to duplicate ordering by a family member. Returned with no problems.
The watch is easy to read and the bracelet is very stylish.
Was a pleasant/smooth purchase received promptly as advertised! This elegant watch was brand new void of any defects! Thanks!
This is a sturdy, but sweet looking watch at the same time. Very elegant. Keeps good time too.
It is a good deal for the brand and the quality. But the leather bracelet is too short.
Price was good and my wife enjoyed her gift for anniversary. I can recommend decision to buy this watches.
don't know it's original or not, but anyway, the girl who receive the watch love it.
Watch arrived broken and was returned for a refund. It was to have been a Christmas gift.
advertived as a $100 watch. It has alwayes been a $10 watch seller is a LIER
I am enjoying having this watch. I love it. I really do. This is a watch to keep.
I mean, Roxy rocks, but I'm kinda dissapointed with the material. The purse lokks a lil' bit cheap.
Very nice looking watch. I paid 5,000 for it in San Diego so this is a great price.
Great for playing sports or working out. Its small, it does its job, and comfortable.
I liked it a lot! I live in Brazil and here cost +- 150,00 dollar..very expensive!
Love my new watch! Just what I was looking for, but at half the price! ThankX
The Watch is beautiful and a great bargain for the price. My Dad loves it.
The bracelet came in a timely fashion and it was exactly what I expected!
This is a beautiful watch. Very luxurious. Color is the same as in the picture, unlike last review.
I bought this for my girlfriend and she absolutely loves it. Citizen is the best.
The watch runs well, but since I have more sporty tastes, I chose another style Citizen.
Nice watch, but if you have any hair on your arms, you won't enjoy the band on this watch.
Very pleased with the service and product. Great price. Couldn't be more happy.
My husband loves his new watch that I bought him. Easy to use and completely meets his needs.
I Have alway wanted one, i don't have to change battery and it look Great The titanium is tough
This is the best watch i've ever owned. It has never broken, and shines beautifully.
They have been perfect in the past and they are perfect till today.
Nice watch, great features and very elegant. And it is not as complicated to used as other reviews says.
An excellent modern design intergrating the latest watch technology. We purchased two of these watches and have no regrets.
Product was as advertised and arrived ahead of schedule. The price was the best I could find anywhere.
high quality, high style watch at a very good price! what's not to love?
This watch sells directly from Timex for $54.95. Don't be duped.
Great watch, great price, GREAT DEAL... How can you beat that!
The alarm only sounds for 20 seconds, which i slept through on the first test.
I was very impressed about the very fast delivery. Product is in good order and condition. Thanks a lot.
Good solid watch and handsome to boot. What can be said about a g-shock other than they are great.
Nice, but very dainty. It has a really small face, but is elegant. Nice watch....
The watch is okay except that it has no information on its water resistance ability.
It's beautiful, look very nice and make my mom happy. The price was great because was cheap
Just what I expected. Works well. At first I was worried because moisture would gather on crystal
This watch is inferior. It is made for looks only. You get what you pay for.
It gives a professional look with its sleek and stylish design.Feels light and looks great.
Compared to Timex, Seiko falls on the sword every time.Timex Indiglo Highschool Rulz!
This watch was a gift for my daughter - she loves it - wears it every day
Great replacement leather watch bands. eller great to deal with. Reasonable prices and shippping.
I received the wrong order, I order the diver Black face T25 RBBR nylon.\I'm not happy.
I received the wrong order, I order the diver Black face T25 RBBR nylon.\I'm not happy.
Very nice watch. Wrist band fits a slim wrist. Very well made. Looks great.
It was a gift for a friend and the watch is well liked by her.
This watch does everything the description says. My only problem with it was the size and weight.
This is a quality watch box at a great price and shipped quicklynice purchase
I purchased this watch for my wife and she just love it.
My daughter loved this watch. It is very striking. I highly recommend this for anybody.
The watch was new in the tin and was packaged well.
The order was received right on time. The watch was just what I had expected.
Free shipping took a while, but I wear the watch everyday, and dig it, lots of compliments.
it is a nice watch with a good price on amazon compared to those in the department store
All was delivered on time; was in good condition.I am pleased with the purchase and delivery.Thank you.
if you really love your collection of watches, you have to buy this product of excellent materials!!!enought said!
the jewel screwdrivers blades broke .could not remove the screws that i needed to remove..would not recomend.
extremely poor quality tools. complete waste of money for this price. barely worth $10.
Watch is of sturdy construction with nice embellishments and materials. It has a comfortable band.
Great watch. My friends always ask me about it. its a great gift and god value
This watch is great! And you can't beat the price. Its Mickey without being too juvenile.
Since receiving my watch, I enjoy every moment of it. Just the right side for my arm.
we got this a year or so ago and it still looks great and keeps perfect time
Great watch. Beautiful and just big enough to be butch without being ostentatious. The red band is totally sexy.
Great watch and at great price. I want to buy it again in another color.
My wife loves this watch and wears it all the time. Very good watch!!!
This is a beautiful watch that doesn't fail to impress. The uniqueness of the face makes it worth it.
I bought this watch for Training and Work Out purposes and it does the job well.
Nice and slick. Very good looking and professional. I am very happy with it and bought two of them.
Hello!I'm happiest with this watch,looks elegant and beautiful with all the cloth.Thanks.
i'm a bit sad, product's picture is a bit better than real thing, but it's fine. i like it
The dial is very nice,the watch in general is good the only detail is de band is cheap.
This is not the tool for a professional jeweler, but it worked for fine for me.
Band could be a little longer but arrived in plenty of time for Christmas. Thank you.
This watch is excellent for most purposes. All it really lacks is a countdown timer.
Simple, cheap, cool watch. Nice big time on front. Cheap enough to not care about.
A perfect nice looking easy to read everyday watch. The bracelet fit with no adjusting. Shower friendly.
Good watch, works well, looks nice. Has an indiglo backlight. Band is a little snug.
This watch is a great value and looks great . The light is bright and the watch performs well
Not a bad throw away watch. Lasted a year then died. Batt changed but watch died.
the watches looked very cheap. could not gift it to friends.
Not much more you want a watch of this type to do! The indiglo is, of course, fun.
The great problem... Where is the TV control... Ok. Whit this wacht,that problem it's gone.
Color is paler than the photo - but works great and it was just what I wanted...
This is a very nice watch. It has held up well through a lot of rough play.
This is very nice, cute watch for girls. Typical Timex quality for a great price. My daughter loved it.
I needed a good outdoors watch for work and this was great. I love it
bought this watch as a gift i was not disapointed another great vaule from amazon
This is a great watch for casual wear, while working in the yard, or while participating in sports.
Bought this watch as a gift, & still LOVE to see it on my man!
Shipping wasnt fast enough. Course my job is fast is money. Great watch, looks great with my class ring.
Haven't had any problems with it. Is very durable. Very happy with it.
very nice watch although the nostalgic band on it is already sowing sighns of cracking.
Looks and works great. Service was terrific. Got it in time for Christmas.
Bought this for my husband two years ago and it is great quality, durable, and he loves it.
I never received the product and I had to ask for the reimbursement of which I paid.
It was an OK purchase without anything fancy. It did the job for Christmas.
Beautiful watch. does not run. This is the second one that I have returned. I give up.
Invicta Men's Pro Diver Automatic Watch Silver & GoldGood description of product, fast email, quick shipment, great seller--&lt;(*&iquest;*)>
Nice watch. Good quality. Invicta watches seem to be really good quality. Excellent price for such a quality watch.
Great looking and very slick! Had to take it to a jeweller to remove some links, but otherwise awesome.Thanks
As usual Amazon comes through. My Seiko watch is as advertised and was a great price. Thanks.
This watch is great, looks very nice and manly. Amazon business is good.
I love the watch. Great quality for the price. I'd buy it again.
This watch is a good value, thought it was more robust like the cortura line. Sporty, everyday look
It is really a nice gift, excellent shape and color, but a little too heavy.
The watch says it is a womans but it is bigger than all the men's watches I have seen.
This is a very nice watch, reasonably priced, comfortable, attractiveand it keeps excellent time.
It's a great gift for any guy. I would definitely introduce my colleagues to this product.
very comfortablelove the lookthe catch to close it is a little sharp on the cornersnot good for holding children...
This is a nice watch and is exactly what was advertised. I am very pleased with the purchase.
The clasp took a little while to get used to, but otherwise a nice looking slim watch.
This is my second time to purchase this watch, and I've found this watch to be great quality.
The design is clean, minimalist,and elegant.I am very happy with my two-tone Skagen.Anahi WS
I love this watch and hope you get more of the same so I can buy more!!!
I bought it for my girlfriend and she loved. It was a great gift.
It is just the watch I was searching for, prompt delivery. Great thanks very much
Cannot fault this supplier in any way. Prompt delivery and item was in perfect condition.
I found that the watch's alarm can be very easily and consequently inadvertantly shut on or off.
Watch very nice, very light, it is both sporting and casual, very fashionable, I recommend it widely.
I like made in America things. All my cars are American made. The watch looks and works great.
It's so beatiful. Very nice watch. Great and unique. My friends loved to. I recomend for all women.
I would expect they'd waived the $25 shipping charge because that's the only thing prevents me from buying.
I think that the price quoted here is wrong. I got this watch last year in China for $22.50.
Es muy buen reloj identico a la foto mi suegra esta feliz con su regalo
Very professional and courteous. Straight forward and easy to deal with. On time delivery. Better than buying on eBay.
Great watch,I like the UV detector: but band pin hole broke after 3 days.I sent it back for replacement.
Not only is this watch very attractive, it is very rugged and well built. Highly recommended!
I'm so happy for purchase this watch, is very elegant, small for clothing formal, is beautiful.
Iam very satisfye with the Accutron Marsella .The quality of this watch is first rate.
Very nice watch and great price. The band is more pink than orange which is good.
I bought this watch for my husband, (he picked it out) he loves it and the seller was great.
Very solid well made watch, keeps good time. Decent size on the wrist, very handsome.
this watch reminds me of kobe looks badass lethal watch! everyone has to digg this watch!
Watch looks great. Seller shipped promptly. This item was a Christmas '07 present. So far so good!
Very good product,fast shipping from Aazon,very recommended An excellent watch with a very good price....
Great watch to have when you need something you don't mind getting beat up a little. Wears great!!
It is expensive looking and feels the same. I am a collector.I am glad I got this one. IMPRESSIVE
This is a very handsome watch. I liked it so much I got another with a different color face.
I bought this watch for my daughter-9 yrs old. It looks great on her and we love it.
Well my lady was quite happy with the gift, but I don't really know too much about it.
I loved the watch face!: Bold, beautiful.The movement and functioning, as excellent as Skagen always is.
Hello!This watch is wonderful,but with a problem:the band was bad in 1 side,but I fixed its.Thanks.
I got this for my elderly mom. It's easy for her to see the numbers. Nice looking watch.
i love it, nice, good price, on time...... what else do you want me to say???you people..... ugh !!!
i think that this watch real poss, one must equate for it to happen like this watch
This is a great looking watch. I love this watch and highly recommended.Thanks to Amazon for a nice deal.
Have had many watches costing hundreds of dollars more. This watch beats those costing much more.
it's a great watch,the only thing is that the white plastic band gets dirty too quickly.
pros: looks bosscons: hands do not light up very well at nightdate does not stay correct for some reason
Cool stuff. Quality and design. I have a lot of watches, but usually choose this one every morning.
This is one beautiful watch! Very well made and best of all it has a dependable swiss quartz movement.
I RECVD WATCH IN EXCELLENT COND. ITS BEAUTIFUL AND WORKS FINE .WOULDRECIMEND IT HIGHLY.
The pictures don't do this watch justice. It is very nice, my girlfriend loved it.
This watch has class. The Amazon price w/5 year warranty can't be beat.(No I don't work for Amazon.com!).................
Bought this watch as a gift for my sis. SHe loves it great purchase.
My old model of this watch died after 16 years of use. I love not having to purchase batteries.
Bought this watch for my son and he absolutely loved it. He is 17 so that is high praise.
It is big, but with today standards perfect. Good solid construction. Elegant, sporty modern, exclusive.
i never receved the item and there was not refond i lost my money thanks to amazon and patner
The face of the watch is quite large--even for a man's watch. We didn't love the band, either.
This is a great and beautiful watch. Its design is clean and modern. I loved it.
it is a nice watch. look elegant and beautiful. The most important is not expensive.
A nice inexpensive Casio watch, works wonderfully. I have MANY Casios and am pleased with all of them.
The watch is an excellent value. The quality and looks are great. Very pleased.
Beautiful watch. Exactly as described. Much better price than available locally. My 3rd Citizen--quality in a fine looking timepiece.
Great product. Reviews sold me. Excellent watch for a man who travels. Looks sturdy.
the first time i went swimming(not diving),water got into the watch. it's so fogged-up,i can't read the time.
Works as advertised. I have no trouble receiving the signal in Boulder, CO
The watch is beautiful and my boyfriend has received numerous compliments. He adores this watch.
Delivered on time. Nice watch although I wouldn't say it's unisex. Too small for my wrist.
Lovely, elegant and sporty, all in one. Gave to my son as as graduation present and it wowed him!
It's a gift for my bf. It looks better than in the pic from the website.
Excellent quality, very comfortable, extra adjustment holes, beautiful color and high quality hardware.
THE CITIZEN CALIBRE WATCH IS AWESOME. MY HUSBAND WEARS IT ALL THE TIME. HAVE HAD ABSOLUTELY NO PROBLEMS.
when wear it, i feel comfortable. Not expensive and beatifual look.but the chain is a little longer to me.
Love Mickey and this is really cute. Great for adults who love that little mouse
Watches received in good condition and in a timely fashion.The receipients were pleased with the gift.
This is a nice watch from Fossil. I also got it at a great price.
it has a cheap look,poor material quality both strap and buckle,i was expecting it to be a little wider.
Very good price and fast delivery. Just your good old fashioned watch. No lap timers, stopwatch etc. Large display.
I have OWNED other LaCrosse watches, this is ,by far the best Atomic watch I have ever owned.
The watch is fine, but they charged me $13+ shipping that was supposed to be free
Great watch and because it is an atomic watch it is always accurate.
Watch came in good time and keeps even better time! Very happy with this purchase
i like this one. I have owned this for 4 months now. Got loads of compliments. very nice one..
El precio es costoso para el reloj pero en su totalidad el reloj se ve bien.
This item arrived promptly and in great shape. I was very pleased and will order again.
I received this watch for my birthday. It is beautiful and I plan on wearing it everyday.
The watch was perfect, as beautiful as in the picture and it arrived so fast I couldn`t believe it...
Disappointing in overall quality. The watch looks ok,but is basically an overpriced cheap watch.
one of my best purchases... plenty of room... nice leather and luxurious inside... little travel box is nice too...
I am very happy with the jewelry box. Nice quality, right size and good looking.
Good looking box. Good quality. Lock is useless. Needs more watch space. Can't beat the price.
I like everything except for the cheap "plastic" crystal. It scratches way too easy.
My son absolutely loved the watch. It looks and works great!
Looks beautiful and pampers watches, keeps them dust free and well organized.
Recently bought this watch for my wife, she loves it! Great product and was delivered sooner than I thought.
Use watch everyday on job in the outdoors. Very durable and stylish. Have gotten many compliments.
Nice and simple watch. Casual and you can wear it with everything you want - it suit good.
Love my watch. I can't have the metal touch my skin. This was perfect and so pretty, too.
It is a bit heavy, but it is all stainless, nothing to decay, break or corrode.
I got this as an anniversary gift for my boyfriend - he loved it. Speedy shipping, perfect Fossil quality.
Completely satisfied received the watch band promply,also appreciated the tool to remove the pins !!
I would imagine it would be spectacular if Amazon would deliver what I paid for
Ma montre a beaucoup impressionn&eacute; mes amis. J'en suis tr&egrave;s satisfaite. Je la recommande.
I was looking for a dress down watch I just love this watch and what a great buy.
Other reviews were correct. This box has very nice quality for the money. Well made with an elegant-looking finish.
I returned the watch because it was a man's watch.I have not yet received my refund
Watch has long length in bracelet,unlike most watches,so should fit most size wrists.Happy with purchase,will patronize vendor in future.
Great, easy to read face, 24 hour numerals. Waterproof to 100mtrs,great for swimming.Made of tough rugged materials,great for outdoors.
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002CAE6Q/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleI like this watches very much. It is excellent! I like design and form!Thank you very much!
This watch looks nicer in reality than in the picture, great value for such a cheap price.
It's a must have ! you won't see it in every corner... Go and get one
This watch looks so more expensive in person....photos dont do justice..very high quality..plus it is Automatic...
I purchased this as a gift, and, in less than 6 months, it stopped working.
I really liked that watch...its perfect when you wear it in the party or somewhere in the official occasion.
It's just what I expected. Can't complainThe quality and the beauty is just what i hoped for. Buy it
I bought this watch for my father and he really liked it. Yes, it's looks so classy and nice.
This watch is awesome but I barely got it and the display screen fell off!!! makes me mad.
I bought for my girlfriend and i just can said that is an execellent watch. It's ORIGINAL.
I PURCHASED THE WATCH AS A CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR ONE OF MY BEST FRIENDS, SHE WAS TOTALLY SATISFIED.
Be carefull because I bougth this watch for gift, but the watch it does not work.
I wear it almost everyday and it's a lot of fun to change out the wrist bands
This watch is beautiful, looks really expensive, keeps good time, and wears well.
A real classy baeutiful watch,, and I love the auto kinetic movement. Wonderful watch. Wonderful gift.
It is a beautiful watch. Excellent price, great discount. Wonderfull. Its a Seiko!!
dont waste ur money on this one , the review are all wrong!!! trust me
Exactly as described. Very stylish, slight disappointment in the strength of the clasp and limited adjustment for wrist size.
The product arrived fast, and arrived as depicted. I am very happy with this product.
Excelente producto, de la mejor calidad y muy buena marca.100% recomendado, muy buen vendedor.La transacci&ograve;n se realiz&ograve; exitosamente.
I would recommend buying from this supplier, Thank you and good luck
Purchased this watch and have been very pleased with it, was delivered quickly and I saved a bunch!
Watch arrived on the early end of the delivery estimated dates, and came in great condition!
The Luminox Light Technology really work, is very easy to read the time at night
A watch for dream with sky and sea,adventure with confidence and sensual cristal touch.A friend.A classic friend one.
Size, weight, feel and classicRolex look can't be beat .So satisfied with this watch,I bought others as gifts.
Love it!!!! Looks amazing and comes in an outstanding package (great for gifting!). Great deal on great item!!
The watch has a problem, eventuality its reset the clock and date and i have that programing again.
Great watch, it is easy to set up, nice looking, fells very confortable...As seem on the photo
I wore the watch on vacation.It got wet and stopped working.I would not buy this again.
It was gift for my boyfriend AND he love it and i love it.
The watch is very nice, the price is nice and the service was also very good.
This is the second Invicta watch my boyfriend has owned. He loves these watches so much. Great Product!!!
SOLID timepiece!!! Very attractive yet TOUGH. Stands up to a lot of abuse. Highly recommended seller!!
Reloj muy elegante con acabados simples, pero finos que complementen su belleza y a un precio muy asequible.
the watch looks exactly like the preview picture in amazonbut the problem is it gets dirty so fast
Great looking watch, which I bought as a gift, and was received with great joy, and avid, everyday wear.
Simple but elegant watch loved it! For everyday use and going out its excellent. Not to big! Perfect.
Nice watch, but is stiff and is too wide for my wrist. Jewelor not able to adjust.
This is great lookign watch, got a good deal on it and shipping was super fast!!
Nice watch but could not figure out how to change date or day. No manual was included.Keeps good time
nice watch! looked better in person. wife loved it. shipped promptly. big fan of seiko's
Arrived in good time and sent to correct address. No problems with product.
wrong picture, picture is swiss army infantry model watch not movado 604122.
This watch is among my favorites in my watch collection. It is simple and chic.Timeless taste . . .
DO NOT BUY A MOVADO!! THEY DO NOT HONOR THEIR WARRANTY AND THE REPAIRS ARE OUTRAGEOUS!! TERRIBLE SERVICE!!
the price is reasonalbe, the watch is as good as I expected,and the service is excellent.
This Mobado watch is really classy. The classic design can be worn wth almost any style.
Perfect, that's all I have to say. I love this watch and the price is right/cheap.
The product was as advertised and at a price that was less expensive than from other retailers
I got exactly what i wanted. It was just like how it was shown in the picture. Love it
Everything was as expected. Shipping was prompt and receipt as promised. Very pleased.
Excellent watch. Classy, elegant and low maintenence. Gets lots of compliments.
Ordered express shipping, didn't come right away - so Amazon waived the extra charge! Product is exceptional!
No tacky gold look. Don't wear while typing, tons of scratches on the band, but absolutely beautiful watch.
This is my sixth Movado. It is fantastic and a great deal. Better than the factory outlet. JP
Super fast shipping, arrived perfectly fitted for my wrist. Beautiful watch
Beautiful Watch, I gave it as a present for my husband and he loved it! thank you!
Watch arrived in a timely matter. As described brand new in box. Happy with transaction
I bought it 5 years ago and just love it. It is well worth the money!!!
This watch was all I thought it would be, eye catching. I am very happy with my purchase.
The watch is very nice, and seems excellent value. Package came on time. I'm very satisfied.
great product--way cheaper than the jewelry store! Great time service. would definately shop at Amazon again!
If you want style, sophistication, quality you want this watch.Movado have made an exceptional time piece.
Got it as a Birthday present for my wife and she absolutely loves it! GREAT price as well.
great deal here. much less than at dept store. shouldve got the one with diamonds.
A beautiful and classy watch at a highly competitive price. The wife truly loves it.
I really like this watch. The size, quality, everything about this watch is great.
The item was purchased as a birthday gift, which was greatly appreciated by the recepient.
Great looking watch! Saw the same exact one in the stores for $700.00.Fabulous buy.
Fast delivery. Wonderful watch. I goes with everything and brings a touch of class to the entire wardrobe.
It is very beautiful watch and a perfect gift for someone very special in your life
I like the watch because it is flat. I would have preferred a better strap.
The workmanship of the watch is superb but, the dial is extreemly hard to read
I am very happy with my watch. It was delivered quickly and just as promised! Thank you.
This watch was in great condition although the packaging was beat up. Watch runs perfectly and looks great.
This watch has been fantastic. A great purchase. Very easy to read face. Easy to set. Great product.
My wife freaking LOVES this watch. We got a fantastic price and it shipped in a timely manner.
The brushed stainless steel band gives a casual look to the elegant Movado style. Great for everyday wear.
Watch was received in only 2 days. No problems. Very beautiful. She loved it.
Beautifully designed and crafted watch with simple elegance. Always a compliment.
It's perfect. Just what I expected; slim, trim and beautiful!Skagen Men's Mesh Bracelet Watch #355LSSM
You could never go wrong with a Skagen Watch! This watch is thin and looks great!
Have several of this brand of watch and just love them wont buy any thing else
Beautiful watch, my stepson loves it. He's 14, and says the mesh band is what he likes the best.
always easy to read and battery lasts a long time and colors go with almost everything.
the watch quite working a few months after I purchased it. would not buy again.
easy to read and the night indiglo works great. as other reviewers said, it matches with any cloth.
Very clean, elegant design -- legible and attractive dials. Straight-forward controls. Good price.
This watch is pretty cool. My mom has one and it looks good on her.
Good watch for the money. Band is a little scratchy, like the "glow" feature. Recommended.
I love this watch it goes with all my casual wear and always matches everything and its classy.
Nobody can look at you without seen this watch. You are the center of attention in every meeting.
Bought this last year - after a year we are very happy with it. Stylish, sporty, and well-made.
not fantastic but good i liked itonly thing i dint like is packing and tag was little worn out
My sister loves it!! loves the pink and white combo as it suits most of her clothes
I would pay even less for this item but still think i got it at a good price.
this one is actually bigger than it appears in the picture.. beautiful and stylish though..
A truley fun (the music) watch it looks great and keeps time too!
Todo muy bien. Me gusto... Fue lo que pedi... llego a tiempo... Excelente, recomendando 100%...Saludos desde Valencia - Venezuela...
excelent wathc to use at any ocassion. received as expected, acording to the sending options.
I bought this watch for a friend's birthday and she loved it. It's just beautiful.
The watch is great. Received the watch just as it was advertised. Was delivered on time. Works great.
ESQ by movado #7100745, this product does not look that good, I would like to return it
AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME! watch, in great condition, in a rolex style. Love it I wear it almost everyday!
The date adjust on this watch is very hard to adjust resulting in a broken Crystal
This is a very sick watch for the price &lt;3 it!!!!Best one i ever bought.
Very good looking watch. Hard to set up and citizen has no helpful info either.
I found the strap and band to be of good quality at a great price. Service was outstanding.
It is big, nice looking and people notice it on your arm.I am satisfied.PS It also works :-)
Beautiful watch, but the pearls fell off soon after I started wearing it. Don't waste your money...
It is good and nice design. But it is little bit heavy.
I got it since two month ago and It looks cool. I like it.
I just received this watch. Does anyone know how to adjust the watch band?No instructions are available .
My wife complains it is too big. On the other hand, I LOOOVE it!! simply amazing !!
Very good watch for very reasonable money. Shipping wasn't included but it was worth it.
very heavy watch, hard to read and you need to be an engineer to operate. Quality looked goofy.
I bought this watch as a birthdya gift for my boyfriend and he absolutely loved it!
Very nice watch. If you have a large wrist this watch will fit snug.
If it was bigger, it would be perfect. Very short. In the picture it seems to be bigger.Best regards
I am delighted with the quality and impressive appearance of the watch. It is much better than the picture.
Great product---beautiful and very nicely priced. A bargain and the operation of this self-winding watch is fantastic!
Whach doesn't work properly and I was not able to find how to return it. Please let me know.Nikolina
fantastic gift for my wife the watch was everything that she wanted in a watch.
nice watch, made by bulova, a little on the high side price wise but expected with the HD face.
Good design, good value, fits watch properly, makes watch seem new with contemporary design. Watch is 28 years old.
Very nice watch especially on a petite wrist. From everyday to an evening out, this watch comes through.
Great piece to store your ties in fashion. Made out of nice hardwood and does not feel cheap.
This handcrafted piece still has that "new varnish smell." It is a beautiful piece of craftsmanship. Highly recommended!
I felt this was a very good deal and high quality item. Very satisfied!
Takes a licking, and keeps on ticking!!!!! Timex still builds the best watch in the world!!! FIND BETTER!!
Keep info like a PDA, pass words, phone #'s, codes, anything you would put in your pda. Great watch.
This watch is awesome. All the features I want, plus more. And it's comfortable and well designed.
I have been using this product for years. I just needed to replace the ones that broke.
Fantastic looking watch!! Shipping was super fast...A real pleasure doing business with these folks!!
My friend loved the watch and helped to bring her out of a bad mood.
The watch band was exactly as described and was shipped quickly. No problems with the product or service.
It has link problems, it is already broken and have not had it but 3 months. Disappointed!
is a nice clock,some people tall to me about the clock,the people say"is nice the clock"
greetings exelente product and magnifies attention from the store thanks kindly domenico pascarella
My son loved the watch, Product was perfect and very well good buyer.. thanks
The watch is solar powered and has atomic time keeping.The battery also lasts for a very long time .
Nice to own a watch that never needs a battery, winding, or resetting. It is also ever accurate.
Casio Men's G-Shock Atomic Solar Watch #GW1500A-1AVA great watch with many faciities!!
Thanks to Amazon I purchased my watch for $77.00. Many other places wanted between $ $150 to $200.00.Thanks Amazon,Bob
Great watch and TONS of functions ... sadly, it is far cheaper at Walmart for $65.00 USD.
My husband loves this watch. It has everything he wanted in a watch. It looks great, too!
This watch has all the features I was looking for and then some--atomic time, solar, etc.
It was a very good buy - works great - great product from Casio.
I should have gotten the model with larger, easier to read numerals on the watch face.
We bought this for my dad for his birthday. He loved it and it has been working great.
I can't figure out to to change the time to military time anyone have an idea?
Excellent Service, Shipped speedy quick.Great Product, arrived in original packaging with setup guide.
after buying this watch, I was very impress with its performance and a must have for anyone
Great looking, solid watch. Shame Amazon's photo is so terrible. There is a better one here: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3264/2696819303_f9136116a7_b.jpg
Perfect size and weight.Looks casual and professional, its well-made and I have had no problems.Its just right!
craftamnship is very nice, got it at a good price, considering the high quality of the hamilton movement.
This is a nice, fair priced watch. Arrived on time, in perfect shape. Very satisfied with it.
This watch is realy cool, the colors are realy pretty, and my wife just love it.
I wonder if it is possible to choose a brown leather color band...?ThanksGA
This is a great product. I like the illuminating hands of the watch and the protective cover.
I bought the watch for a gift. It is nice-looking and works very well, though a little bit heavy.
this watch is great, i bought like 5 watches before i found this one..
Nice looking watch but waterproof seals failed after swimming in a pool! Luminescent numbers barely visible in dark.
I wish I had a dollar for all of the positive comments I have received on this watch!
This wtach as it is really cheap, is also built really cheap and does look cheap.
This is a wonderful, unique watch. It keeps excellent time and I get so many compliments on it.
I am very pleased with the watch and its performance and the time it arrived.
Watch was beautiful and recieved in a rapid time. Would highly recommend this seller.
An exceptional classic timepiece, with the beauty of the original design combined with the convenience of a quartz watch.
The pin bent on my first attempt to use it and the thing was useless.
Good tool. Sturdy design and easily pushed the pins out of my band. Good seller. Will buy again.
I got exactly what I paid for. The watch came well wrapped brand new. Thank you
Stunning photographs, beautifully printed, and a pleasure to read. I'm looking forward to the next issue.
It is a very good looking watch. Better than the picture. It looks wonderful on my husband's wrist.
I bought the watch as a gift and the receiver was very pleased with both the appearance and function.
This watch is better looking in person than the photo presents. Very satisfied with my choice.
My nine-year-old cousin loved this watch. Great for kids and easy to read.
I like this watch and this is awesome. i am just loving it very much.
Nice, good finished, beatiful to dress up, why timex didn't put light, but it had good price.
The face fogged up from perspiration like a cheap watch I had one time.
This watch has a high quality look and feel. Keeps great time. It exceeded my expectations.
Product is great. Delivery was very fast and came earlier than I expected. Watch is just what I wanted.
After 3 week's use, the pin which secures the band to the watch body sheared off.
wanted a flexible slip-on band and looks i liked and i got it. yes!
this itea was received before time and in good shape. a good buy. thanks bobby
Great Watch this one replaces the same model that is over 20 years old this one will outlast me!
It is a precision timepiece I can live with for a long time. MASTERPIECE!
This watch is easy to read, and very reliable. It is suitable for business attire.
Very nice watch keeps good time. Nice large white face for ease of reading.
Simple, plain, easy to read, reliable, no-nonsense watch for work or sport. Good price, too.
It is a beautiful watch and it works quite well. My mum loves itvery much.
new in the box fast shipping and save about $500 from local store
Looks great and real clean/smooth lines. Great for someone that wants a watch that can go with everything.
This is a very stylish and eye catching watch. I have received many compliments on it.
Exactly what my husband wanted. Simple style and easy to see.Donna
Although the box looks old,the watch is perfect for the price !
Great item. Bought for my mother and she loved it! Fast shipping and great service!
This watch is absolutely beautiful..My husband is sooo happy with it..Definately worth the money..
great watch great price - got it in two days, worked out perfectly
I bought this watch for my brother, and he loves it! It looks very sleek.
I AM GLAD I GOT THIS WATCH I LOVE IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!I WOULD BUY FROM AMAZON AGAIN.
My watch is awesome! It is classy, water proof, and just what I wanted. Delivered perfectly!
How could I not like a pink watch with a pink light? Great product. Works nicely.
I ordered this watch because of the sleek style and leather band. It fits perfectly on my wrist.
This watch is absolutely gorgeous. Great value for swiss movement and classic styling. I love my Movado.
This watch was a perfect gift for a college graduate. My daughter loved it.
...it was a gift for my wife and she love it... good price for an excellent product...
It is a brand name product. It looks good and it is money well spend.
Warranty card included, no scratches on band or watch, works perfectly just need to get it resized.
All the other reviews were right on target - excellent watch at a great price.
I gave it to my wife for an aniversary and she loved it. The watch is just great.
Seiko makes high quality watches. This watch is attractive and Amazon had the best price around.
Received the watch within 4 days.I would like to buy one more.
I got for my brother and he really liked it too much........would recommend
The watch looks VERY nice on, however it's really easy to scratch the shiny part.
Very pleased with quality, Can not come close to anything like this for 200.00 dollars.
Fully satisfied with the product. Elegant and sport, fancy and fashionable. Works perfectly, all the best for this item.
This is a beautiful watch at a fantastic price. I bought it for my husband, and he LOVES it!
this was a gift and the second one I purchased-the watch is sleek and works well. Nicely appointed timepiece-
It is an excelent product.It is worth the purchase.I would recomend this one for everybody.Let's keep buying
all that is said of this item is true and exeded my expectations. Stylish watch.
Arrived on time and is exactly the way that it was described. Beautiful and light very pleased.
Is more than I've expected! I like it more every day! Works and looks great.
This is my fourth Skagen and I love them all! Classy, slim, super quality. And delivered as promised!
I bought this for my husband. It is a very nice watch - looks exactly like the picture!
i like this watch however i noticed that it is not working. does it ship without a battery?
I was late in ordering but the watch was as described AND delivered in time for Christmas!! Good job!!!
I recently purchased a Skagen watch through Amazon. I received an excellent price and prompt service.
A very slim, masculine dress watch. Titanium is light and nice looking. Very pleased!
The watch is fine. The mesh band however is difficult to close and sometimes becomes loose and falls off.
Excellent watch at a great price. Perfect Timing ships fast and is a good seller to do business with.
This Seiko watch is an excellent value. My husband was thrilled with the style and functions.
is ok, very good watchit is a beautiful clock, I like it enoughI arrive all okvery very very..... .....
It looks great and arrived before the estimated date.I am very happy with what I got.
ad did not give correct size of dial-had to return it-it was smaller than advertised
This movado watch was in perfect condition and the shipping was very quick! Would buy from again
Disappointed with this product. It looks alot bigger and more elegant in the photo online.
For the money, I dont think there is a better watch out there. Im very pleased.
Muy buen reloj excelente calidad y muy elegantelo recomiendo Movado es my marca favorita
got it as a Christmas gift for my day and he loved it! it works perfectly.
Excelente vendedor, el reloj es lindo, excelente marca, a un increible precio. estoy muy satisfecha, lo recomiendo 100%
For a man's watch the face dial was smaller than expected. Returned the watch for another Movado Gentry model.
This is one of the best looking Movado watches. Very modern and sleek. Higly recommended!
Excellent watch. very classy. seems very durable so far (2 months). superb quality.
My husband is so happy with his 'nice watch'. And, don't forget it's a MOVADO.
Watch was purchased as gift, however, he loved the watch. It is a very nice looking man's watch.
This watch is handsome, a little trendy but still conservative, lightweight, stays clean. Good value.
I purchased this was as a gift for my husband. He loves it. Just a good timepiece.
Great Seiko design! I love the combination of the white and yellow metal. Very stylish and feminine. Not oversized.
very sleek and comfortable to wear, best of all available in he same priveGreat design
This is a good lookling watch, I recieve a lot of Complements. It keeps perfect time, I'm very satisfied
Lo compre para regalarselo a mi padre y quedo muy complacido Calidad y belleza reunidas
I am very pleased. The product was shipped fast and is all that was stated. Thank you!
I bought this watch for my boyfriend. He loves and it and so do I! durable, and pretty!
On ShopNBC, they wanted $429 on this watch, so you save nearly $50 here
Seller very pleasant and helpfull. Return to right sise was easy. Thank You.
My husband LOVES his new watch! It is of quality and reasonably priced.I received this item ... quickly. Thanks!
Love the watch. Looks even better in person and works very well. Buying from Amazon is awsome.
I love this watch! It looks like a bracelet but tells accurate time too. It's my first Seiko gift.
It works and looks well. I would buy another one if necessary.
gave to the men in the wedding. everyone is still wearing it and still get a lot of compliments.
if you need a new strap for your watches consider seriusly this brand, all with good cuality!
It a good watch, but the the dial doesn't look nice, and at night doesn't bright.
I bought this watch for my wife for X-MAS. Simply beautiful.
This band looks good and has a good quality feel to it. For the price you can't go wrong.
Great Watch! Perfect size, not to big not to small and a good weight.
Great watch. Exactly what I wanted at the price I wanted to pay.Shipped immediately.
The watch is pretty cool except of one thing:It's not titanium, it's stainless steel.
although product arrived late, my bf was still very happy with it. It looks brand new!
This watch was a prize and the luck person who wone it just loves it.
This is a great watch with a great price. It is elegant. Working perfect.
I received this watch on time. It is very pretty - shiny but not over done.
Fue un regalo para mi hermana por el dia de las madres y le encanto
I bought this watch as a gift. It is a beautiful watch! And what a fantastic price! Thanks
Great watch for a great price...I bought it for my Dad...and he loved it...
tHE SEIKO SGEA02 WATCH KEEPS TIME AS SPECIFIED AND IS ESTHETICALLY PLEASING. iT MEETS ALL MY EXPECTATIONS.
Great watch, great design, Kinetic Mechanism means no battery needed. And its a SEIKO !
Keeps perfect time. Easy to read face. I little heavier than my previous watch. Very pleased with ths watch.
This is the battery i needed and it arrived quickly.Its a battery, that's pretty much it
This is an EXACT match for the band that came new with my Seiko Orange Monster.Great Quality.
Genuine seiko so it is expensive. Out lasts the generic bands so it is worth it
I bought this product and received it quickly. The product came in original packaging and fits great.
Classic divers watch band. I usually get a couple years out of them before they crack.
I received the watch band in perfect condition and delivery was incredibly fast. Thank you Amazon and the Seller.
Although this is a Seiko watch band, it's been a perfect replacement band for my Casio watch.
Original watchband lasted over three years of near continuous daily use and diving. Replacement band is identicle to original.
Product is as described, fast delivery. Price a little high, but it is what it is.....
Working well; no issues. Company was very supportive in getting it to me quickly.
just like factory item when new good item liked it alotit is made in china but who cares anymore
Fit like a charm. Just what I was looking for. It came with it's own pins too!
To begin, I am not an expert on any of these watchmakers eye lupe, but it is very useful.
Great for working on watches. Much better than the cheapo kit I got off Ebay. Nice, neat case.
Poor quality. One of the screw driver is already broken by using 2 times.
Only gripe is the lack of adequate instructions but if you're mechanically inclined you will figure it out...
I paid $36 for this product. They should have made this better. Dont buy it, waste your money!
This product was exactly as described and arrived on time, would do business with again!
Highly recommended. Great value for money. Looks like $150 or more valued watch. I love it.Delivery was very fast.
i like the watch and it was sexy tooo and it attracts me when i was wearing the watch
It was a good experience... i had no trouble with the seller and i received the product on time.
I love this watch, and it's a bulova, not too big, just the right size.
The watch meets all my expectations. It is very easy to read. Clean and simple.
Not happy that it was not marked clearly as a chinese made seiko.
Excellent packaging from the shipper. Watch works perfectly. It's a little heavier than my Casio digital watch.
I love this watch, it is elegant and simple....best of all, no battery to replace.
this was an excellent choice. Holds the perfect amount of watches and has a nice finish.
A good starting point for a watch collector. A good buy for the price.
For the Money it is a very good buy, well made and will hold large watches.
Very fast shipping! The watch was perfect, just as in the description! Very happy with my purchase!
Seiko watches are wonderful and reliable. This product arrived in an extremely timely fashion (actually earlier than expected).
Works great. An all Swiss made, solid titanium watch for this price is a real bargain.
Nice watch for the price. Looks good on and can be worn for casual or dress.
This is really worth it...very nice one... simple and super...User manual is not much detailed one...
Nice watch for the price paid. The band needs to be changed. I prefer a nylon cloth band.
Great value, plenty of features. Nice looking watch, I receive lots of compliments on it.
I needed a new, reliable, tough watch and this meets all the criteria.Quality, price and promptness were great..........
This was a Christmas gift for my husband. He never takes it off, it is a very beautiful watch.
The order was placed on a Thursday and the watch was received on the following Wednesday. Thank you.
I love these watches and was happy to see them listed at very reasonable prices on Amazon.
I HAVE THE BLACK FACE VERSION FOR SEVERAL YEARS--DURABLE--ONLY CHANGED THE RUBBER WRISTBAND--GREAT WATCH FOR WORK OR DRESS...LARGE CASE.
Looks and feels like a watch many times its price. I receive many compliments. Very classy timepiece.
I was so happy in receiving the watch so fast.They do good business.
Both watches were send as described, sensational fast. Many thanks!Both watches were send as described, sensational fast. Many thanks!
Delivered Timely (pun intended :-)Better price than anywhere else.Looks great!Happy Holidays!!
I've been wearing this watch for 20 years. This purchase was my 3rd. Great price and fast shipping.
The face of the watch was much larger than I anticipated. I gave it away.
I loved the casio watches. I never have problems when I choose Casio products. I would recommend for everyone.
Casio is very good when it comes to watches.I loved this watch.its worth its price.
Never had a chance to use this watch. The band ran quite large for my smaller wrist.
&Oacute;timo produto por um preo justo. As funes funcionam muito bem.Espero que a bateria dure o que prometem.Eu recomento.
The item came quickly and in very good condition. Also, the item's price is very nice
There are much better watch out there, but this one priced right. Just right for me.
It have a very good handle, silvery and fashinable, and it looks good on my hand.
This watch has met my expectations. I'm quite pleased with it's quality and the service of the vendor.
I use it for calculations on a daily basis. And it looks and feels great!
Excellent watch. I like it so much that I bought second one after I lost my first one.
Length:: 0:32 MinsA little video review of the Casio CA 53W digital watch, emphasize the lovely nerdy styling.
Love it. use it all the time. even helpful to save numbers while talking on the phone
Pros: classic watch, calculator, inexpensiveCons: no light, must press button to see date, not water proof
My husband's favorite watch. The plastic band breaks about every 1-2 years and the watch must be replaced though
This watch is perfect.Beautiful design.Wear it with a suit to impress.Everybody remembers and loves these watches.Pimp!
Perfect watch for everyday use. Handy calculator works great and watch is very reliable. Love this retro watch.
Excelent product, been wearing it for two months and still looks as new...delivered in five days...
muy bueno el servicio, es excelentetodo me gusto, muy buenoya he recomendado a muchos amigos que usan este producto
It is a very good price / design is for those who enjoy easy and convenient clock.
It was exactly what I was looking for. I liked it so much I ordered 2 of them.
Was really a Databank watch, which is what I wanted. Excellent product with great features.
Thanks for the fast shipping. The watch was exactly as it was stated. Thank you
great for my workouts and casual outings. many compliments from friends. Subtle styling and great functionality
I've owned several of these watches and like them very much because they are durable and look good.
Good watch.Hasn't scratched up ever.It's easy to configure.It's a great watch so far.Worth your money.
Excellent, simple, here quickly, no shipping charge and I needed it yesterday...excellent! Very nice and I love the watch!
Product just as ordered, great time getting product and as described. I will purchase from Amazon again--thanks---Mike C.
This is just what I wanted and the price was good too. Thanks
Good watch. Light is very nice. Buttons are smaller and harder to push than the cheaper models.
Overall lots of features but the alarm chime, hourly chime is very weak. Hard to hear.
It is agreat item for the price that you paid.... Look nice in my hands...
THIS WATCH IS GREAT. FINE STYLE, WELL MADE, NICE FISH AND GREA TLOOK. I LOVE IT...!
This watch is one of great watches I bought. Very reasonable price. Casio will never let me down.
The Package didn't arrive according to my deadline which was Christmas, But she still enjoyed it really well.
Perfect for the occasion .... Came in a perfect case and was delivered on time ..
Great watch, great presentation. Reeks of style and class. First day waering it and recieved at least 5 compliments!
This was a gift for Christmas, it is a unique time piece to be handed down to grandson.
This watch is better than what the picture can show!I wear it every day!
I like this watch because it is so different. It is very stylish and was a great deal!
i bought this watch 9 years ago and love it. I wouldn't own another watch.
Great watch.....this is my second one. I left the first one in a hotel and missed it dearly!!!!
I like the watch, but it has some damage like:alarm doesn't work andone of the digital numbers doesn't appear
I personally love this watch! It's great.It's a great price for such a nice and well working watch.
Could have bought the watch at Wal Mart without the shipping charge for approximately the same amount.
Wonderful inexpensive watch.Battery always outlasts the band and the band is good for 3 to 5 years.
Solid Cheap Retro Watch. I like it, but the alarm sets itself on a lot, which can be annoying.
Great Watch for a small price! Elegant and functional design with many functions. Night view's light is great too!
I really like this watch. Only drawback is it's extra weight.Otherwise - Its excellent...!!!
This is a very nice watch for the price. Had difficulty figuring out how to adjust the band size.
Its a very good product who wanted have both analog and didgital in their watch.
Buen reloj, no es lo que esperaba sin embargo estoy contento de haberlo comprado
today i received my watch, and i liked it !its really nice..definitely you can get this product for sure..!
it doesn't look as good as it looks in the pic, plus it pulls your wrest hair.
good watch delivered in 21days.lots of featuresAngolan clockdigital clockdifferent types of lightsthe thing it too cost for that watch
Great cheap watch. Have worn for years. Amazon is an easy and cheap way to buy replacement.
Had previously owned this model--was very glad to find it again. Very thin and comfortable.
The item was much smaller than I anticipated. It was to hard to read. I gave it away.
Just a classic. Small, lightweight, easy to use. The one-button countdown timer function is a simple-to-use reminder.
Very good watch, it seems like a very expensive one.Its good choice.
I highly recommend this seller. What you see is what you get.
Excellent and beautiful item, fast shipping and delivery. The seller excellentthank you
No back lights on the digits! No manual with the watch! Not very user friendly.
The Seiko Men's Kinetic watch is a nice and good looking watch keeps great time, No maintances required.
This is a good product, works great, as it was described, no surprises yet :)
it is good for the price.well look, and details.just simple operation thenbut brochure with more languages needed.
Beautiful, classy. I just love it! It is jsut the right size and I am thrillled!
It was a great present. My wife wears it constantly and it's delicate enough for her very small wrist.
Eecellent looking watch,purchased for my wife ,mothers day,in australia.4 days delivery from USA to AUST.
Slim watch, doesn't get caught up on things. Works well. Good value for the price.
I have had multiple versions of this watch. Never sorry to buy another. Easy to use, great price.
Exactly as expected. Its a bit complicated to setup all the advanced features but once setup its great.
The watch looks better in the picture. Otherwise it's very accurate and very light on hand.
Great item for my daughter. Big #'s easy to read.Love it............Very Girly............
My five year old granddaughter is delighted to have this watch. We'll see if she'll learn to tell time.
This watch is great, my granddaughter loved the little floting butterfly on the face of the watch.
Inexpensive, decent looking watch. The band is a little bit inflexible, but overall well worth the price. Thanks!
0 stars if I could mine came with a dead battery. Straight to the trash can.
Nice little watch but the glass is not mineral, it is poor quality plastic and scratches easily.
Excellent performance and easy to read at depth. This was a good value purchase for my diving needs.
Needed a cheap, reliable analog watch. This one fits the bill. Very clear and easy to read.
this is a great simple watch. no special functions.But it looks like it is an expensive watch.
This watch is really nice. Has a great looking. Is small and its red color is beautifull.
This watch has sold out many, many times and is always in high demand.
Received delivery in 3 days using cheapest method! Love finding cheap watches that I really enjoy.
I am very Pleased....it is rugged enough to take to work yet sleek enough to get comliments
Good quality timepeice , keeps time well, an excellent watch for first timer.Highly recommended for 1st watch for kids
My 8 year old loves hers, and best of all "it's not too girly!"
This is an awesome watch. Forget the naysayers. Just buy it.
Was looking for the flashy bling. This is not diamond, but its all sparkly. Girlfriend liked it.
It is a very nice looking watch and my 10yr old son likes it very much
If you are looking for a good watch with a different design you should buy this one...
I never write reviews but this watch is fantastic. It looks much better than the pictures shown of it.
Awesome watch. 5 stars. Does everything I expected and looks good doing it.
Tells time with giant numbers on screen. Rocks my socks off.
I bought the watch on monday and got it on Saturday. Very good delivery!
excellent clock, is of very good material, and very nice to my wife loved it!
I bought this watch for my nephew who is 10 yrs old. He liked it.
The FOSSIL WATCH is great, it is great. It is very accurate and looks great.
Looks a lot more golden on the picture than in reality...
The watch is exactly what I expected. Also, I save a lot of money purchasing it on this site.
Excellent performance and easy to read at depth. This was a good value purchase for my diving needs.
This watch looks as good as more expensive ones and stands up to abuse better than cheaper ones.
The watch arrived as presented. It was a gift so I can't comment on the use of the watch.
These are great watches. They are not as big as men's watches, since they are unisex, but still GREAT-LOOKING.RECOMMENDED!
Gave as a gift. Very good looking,but actually looks a little bit better in the picture than in person.
Great watch. This is my third one. Good price ($30). Will buy again.
This is a great waterproof watch. I use it at work as a police officer and when I'm diving.
The order was never delivered and I was forced to cancel the order.....
I really like it, this is one of the best watches i ever see and buyyou should buy one
durable, but finish wore out in places after 10 months, still never skipped a second from being set.
THE SENDING AND THE PRODUCT THAT HAS COME TO ME IS EXELENTE, I AM SATISFIED BY THE DELIVERY.
the watch is very beautiful and very light when you wear it , Very satisfied
I got it for my wife to use at work. She loves it.
I bought it for my husband. It is very thin. Both of us love it.
My husband loved the watch. It was just as represented, came in box with all instructions, warranty, etc.
watch quit working after a week and haven't been able to get it right yet
nice look, light watch. it is perpetual calendar.I could not open its crown to set it up by now
solid mens watch. reliable and looks good. weights a ton, but that adds to its character
I tried and returned two of these, never kept the time past 1 day. Pityful example of time keeping.
I bought this for my wife for her birthday. It looks great and she loves it.
This is a super watch, I wear an 8 inch bracelet, regular watches are not comfortable, this is perfect!
awesome watch for 60 $!!! only con is that bottons are plastic, very handsome looking watch!!!
Very fine non expensive watch.My wife is very pleased with it.Regards...
Am hoping the Bertolucci Co. will make this w/aurora borealis crystals so the rest-of-us can wear this too!
sharp watch. built like a tank but a very big watch not for a man with a small wrist.
This is a classy watch of excellent quality. I have one and get great compliments.
I really enjoy this well crafted watch. I wear it almost everyday. Great deal!
loved it - just what I wanted. Great turnaround time with the delivery.
It was empty the box I could'nt see my watch.I like you help me with this item.
a super purchase at a super price, very happy with the item, would certainly buy again
Works great, fits well, and has a nice design. Definitely recommend it
The watch does not work at all. I am totally dissatisfied.
I was very happy to have above seiko watch.Many thanks to seiko and amazon.com.
Beautifull watch, received just on time and in a beauty box, better than in picture.
Mickey was detached from the face. Returned immediately...so far (almost two weeks) no credit received.
5 alarms makes my fight with time management possible. I've given one to most of my nurse friends!
It is a good watch, running well and colorful to look at
the watch is looking good and hansome , the delibery was in tree days and every in good condition,
The watch arrived swiftly. It was brand new, accompanied by the warranty. It works wonderfully.
This was a gift for a Mickey Mouse fan.The fan is enjoying wearing this watch.
Watch is very well made and handsome.Rugged for work or play. Iam very pleased with my purchase.
This is a sharp looking watch for the money. I wear it all the time.
Very prompt delivery. Exactly as advertised. I am giving the watch to a friend as a gift.
Love the watch it works fine. cool and easy to use I plan on buying another one
Excellent product. The recipient was very happy with the style and quality of this watch.
The product has a cheap looking, only the bracelet looks good. Not recomended, I'm realy disapointed.
Pierre Cardin Women's Diamond Accented Watch is a perfect gift. it is nice, good an cheap.
I have this watch for 2 years and i couldnt have found better watch for this prices.
I love that watch! Lightweight, comfort fit! Great look! Never had a problems with it! Highly recomended!!!
this is a great watch, the functions are great for outdoors, but it looks great on any ocassion.
great watch it works as the manufacturer promisses - just like a swiss made timepiece
This is a Beautiful watch, with a amazing funtions, is also very strong and resistant.
Great watch, I am very happy with it. Looks and works great!
Beautiful watch for a great price. Keeps acurate time as well as looking good.
The only week point is the lack of a big date feature... The rest is pure perfection!
The watch was just what I wanted, at the price I wanted, and on time.
Looks great. Nice and solid without being too heavy. Keeps perfect time.I'd buy again!
Nice looking watch and my boyfriend loves it.I appreciate recieving this product on a timely manner.
This is an excellent piece of equipment that gets big compliments from people for it's style and quality.
I received this product and it does not work. Tried calling silverbin and just received a busy signal.
this watch is a good price and classy watch just love it ... thanks amazon
The little lady loves this watch. Good price & timely delivery.
The best price out there!I rec'd the watch quickly!Couldn't have ask for more!
This watch is great for any occasion; casual, dress- up and outing. I will recommend it to anyone.
FINALLY; an accurate timepiece. I'm done with Citizen. Came early. Smooth buy. Blue Dial rocks. A+++.
Beautiful watch, excellent quality, speedy shipment, Easy purchase! highly recommend shopping here. I saved over $100.00 purchasing online.
Nice watch, very good quality, excellent price.It's a perfect gift for a lady.Excellent Amazon's service, terms and conditions.
got the same watch, brand new, 100 cheaper than blue nile. All packaging included...nice watch for the $$$
Product was shipped on time in good condition. Price was excellent. Very please
well-designed. i love the titanium/gold combo. works well. no scratch on the face after 6-month use.
Beautiful watch, wonderful box (excelent for gift)... after all this is REAL SEIKO... Nothing more
This a great watch. It really keeps good time and looks good on my arm.
Excellent watch for brave men! I like its color and form.
This product was not what I expected, it is more for a little girl than a mature woman.
I am very happy for the watch that I received.The delivered time was excellent
Beautiful watch. Very light weight and classy looking. Best price vs. online or in stores.
Very nice watch! Keeps good time and it's extremely light weight. Looks great.
Nice watch for the price. The gold color is really very "yellow gold". Shape and design are quite interesting.
The watch is very nice and easy to handle. All the functions are very intuitive.
This is the best dive watch for the price. Solid and nice-looking. Could be dressed up or down.
I bought this item and receive the chinese one . Not TITANUM!Please, a little think before order this "seiko"!
i really like this watch, great price and always get compliments... can't beat genuine Swiss Movement
This watch is stunning. Goes with everything and is sleek in its design. Movado does watches right.
This watch was a gift for my wife. She loves it. It looks great & the price was right.
Very elegant look and very high quality. Hidden clasp on band is a very nice touch.
I returned this watch because it did not have the glass back as described in the description.
Its one of the best watches I have had so far. Nice sporty watch for the summer.
i bought the watch for my dad, for his birthday, and he loves it. A+++
Item was delivered very quickly and was a gift for son. He is very pleased with it.
LOOKS STUNNING, DEPENDABLE, its my 4th movado watch and i always get people asking me where i got it!!
I am very pleased with my purchase. the watch arrived early and in perfect condition
This watch is absolutely great. It is everything that it is supposed to be as advertised.
IT WAS A GOOD EXPERIENCE, WATCH IS VERY NICE AND ARRIVED PROMPTLY. I HAD NO PROBLEMS
The watch is a little bigger than most womens watches but, it is very nice.--Sanjay
its a big box for storage watches , but the materials are not the finest ones...
I bought this watch in 2002. It still looks and works perfect. I paid 337.00 in a department store.
This watch is great. Classy yet affordable. Not nearly bright as is shown in the picture though.
This is an elegant watch, but it is difficult to read it, especialy without good lighting.
This watch is REAL DAMN big.If you have little wrists dont waste your money to look foolish.
Bought this unit seven months ago and one of the motors locked up, burning out the timing circuit.
I have two automatic watches and this winder keeps them right on time. Affordable and I received it quickly.
Product stopped working within two weeks.....too noisy when it was working. What a waste of money!
So beware, for regular size watch's only. Will not open a Marine Star, or anything bigger.
Works just as I expected and I save time and money changing my own watch batteries.
I really like and I also think it is very good because my expectations MEETS would buy againpleased XO
Does what it is suppose to do.Looks great.Pleased with the purchase.What more is there to say?
Handy tool...works great..if you are planning to change your own watch band, this tool is a must-have.
Well made, cheap and keeps you from having to pay a jeweler for simple repairs.
Pretty easy to use and a crucial tool to remove watch bands from watch cases.
Another nice, inexpensive tool that makes tedious work go much faster and easier.
I am very happy with my purchase. The watch is very elegant and I love it!
The watch was very nice but the band was too short and dial hard to read.
Highly recommended watch. Get rid of the batteries, buy this watch!
I went down 15 meters with this watch and that's all she wrote-destroyed. Until than, I loved it
My Wife loves it. It fits her wrist perfect, after finding how to remove band links on the intetnet.
The watch is much smaller than I thought it would be and didn't work. I had to return it.
A lovely woman's watch with a high tech solar/light powered battery. A great combination of style and technology
Looks a little small than i saw in the picture, but is a beautiful. I recomend it.
Excellent Service. Received it sooner than expected and the watch was excellent; as described on Amazon.ZG
Stem pulled out first time i attempted toset the time. I sent it in for repair buthave heard nothing.
Attractive functions and appearance, but very thick and heavy. Hope I'm strong enough to wear it!
I like this, price good.Mechanically good.If its posshible, I like little thiner.
Resistant, sporty, durable... A good piece of equipment for those who have a tough job.
Indiglo is fair not great. Using timer and stopwatch is a little awkward. Overall I like the watch.
He is excellent, I magnify, very good. only the bad thing, is that the strap is a little ugly.
This Watch is good design. I have received in Indonesia and really cool in my hand.
This watch was a great value, keeps great time and looks great. Could not ask for more.
My son loves this watch. He swims a lot and loves that he doesn't have to take it off.
Great watch, and now we're going to find out about the replacement warranty because we already lost it.
Other than being a little big, this watch works great and is easy to use.
Good but confusing buttons if you have used Ironman watches as long as I have.
This watch is wonderful. I gave it to my boyfriend for Christmas. He loves it.
My Skagen watch is a grate value for the money, I have 3 of this brand.
Very pleased with the watch and the timely manner in which it was delivered.
I wear it daily. the buttons depress accidentally though so it does not stay on the "time" screen.
This watch is great, my husband loves it! It was an excellent price and arrived in a timely manner.
Good vendor. Product is all "AA" (as advertised), genuine Seiko, new and with a timely delivery.
watches were very nice. our clients loved them. boss loved them. nicely packaged.
What I ordered was what I expected.Excellent in every way. ALL. Thanks AMAZON!
This watch is very nice!! Dial is beautiful. Great price. Great buy!
This is one of the best looking most functional watches I have purchased! Quite an eye catcher!
The watch is beautiful, comfortable and looks far more expensive than what it sells for.
Citizen Men's BM8240-03E Eco-Drive Black Leather Watch is so cool,nice and comfortable watchFor me it's best watchI like it
This is my everyday watch. It's easy to read, and is durable. Not too flashy, but not boring.
Nice, convenient, accurate, thin. "Eco-drive" (no batteries to change) is a very good idea and works flawlessly.
A thin attractive watch. Goes well with business attire or casual. Only wish band-size was slightly larger.
Dressy without being flashy. No loud "tick". Knob doesn't dig into my wrist. Solar recharge. Perfect!
Finally a watchband that fits most watches, looks good and works well. Great watchband, great price, would order again...
GREAT VALUE..LOOKS EXACTLY AS SEEN. MY GRANDSON WILL BE THRILLED FOR XMAS AS ONE OF HIS GIFTS.
coolest looking watch but i can't read the hands so well, but who really needs the time?
me parece que es un buen relot y esta en exelente precio se los recomiendo saludos
The watch was exactly as it was described. There have been no issues with it.
Great watch, works like a charm. I only wish the watch would have shipped with a larger Band.
Rugged and good looking, never needs winding or batteries and keeps excellent time. What more can one ask for?
This is a fantastic watch! No batteries, ever again! and it wears well, light and easy to read! Fantabulous!
I love this watch!! Simple but well put together. I plan on giving one as a gift.
Good looking. Easy to read. Easy to see after dark. Canvas strap is very comfortable
This is a great watch that keeps time accurately. It's subtle, yet classy. Very satisfied!
Great watch, very durable. Strap is a little cumbersome at first. The casing is very scratch resitant.
Excellent watch, high tecnology, converting light to electrical energy. Five year warranty. Class and elegance.
it is exactly what I was looking for.The days can be in English, Spanish, French and Italian.Greta price
This is a great watch! Nice looking and of good quality. I found the canvas band totally acceptable.
Product arrived as described. Great price. Quick delivery. Would order here again.
Got this watch as a Christmas present for my brother and he was very happy with it!!
As Fossil explained the watch in its description, it is an excellent value!
Beautiful and soft box. Fit to all with more than 2 watches like me.In addition very cheap
Great watch for the money. Runs great, never any problem with this watch. Very dependable. Still looks great too.
This case was delivered rapidly and in perfect condition.It is very top notch, better than I expected.
The watch looks great. It is very durable and keeps great time.
Watch is very light weight and works perfect just as it says under the Specs.
Within three weeks, band broke during normal wear, warranty does not cover band. Very unhappy.
This is a very cheaply made watch with and exceedingly hard set up for date, stopwatch, alarm etc.
needed an easy to read watch; this is ideal for that. it's accurate and great for the price.
I have long been a fan of this style Timex watch. I really like the dark metal (titanium)color.
great gift. not the easiest to figure out how it works though. the directions are vague.
This is the best dive watch I have ever owned. It is a great second to my dive computer.
This is a must for the swiss-o-air humidifier, but they need to sell for a reasonable price.
Haven't used this yet but it looks identical to the one that came in my humidifier.
still waiting for this ionic silver stick to come. I hope it will be shipped to me soon.
THIS WATCH WAS PERFECT THE BOX WAS IN GREAT CONDITION AND THE WAY IT WAS PACKED WAS VERY GOOD
Great watch and great price. Very easy to order and shipping was very fast. Love the watch.
I bought this watch for my wife, and she liked it a lot. Fantastic price, quality, and shipment.
good value for money ...my mom was happy when she got this as a gift
Own it for an year now. Had no problems ever. Works good and impressive
This is a great watch, especially for the price. Keeps good time, looks good and has tons of features.
Great Watch! The watch weighs more than most watches i'm used to.
Everything I hoped it would be. I like both the analog and digital display. Sharp looking.
Pretty nice watch, looks and feels good. Also the price was pretty good compared with department stores.
Would prefer the standard adjustable strap than the "button" strap. Also not easy to read time for a beginner.
I bought this for my moms, she is satisfied! Pulsar is definitely a good brand,it's worth it.
The Watch is Nice and it is exactly what is given in the description. I like the watch.
Bezel doesn't rotate. Overall it wears a little stiff (due to fat links), but good looking.
Looks great. Feels good on the wrist. My wife thinks it looks fantastic.
Nice watch, but the band is made for smaller wrists. Seller was very fast for shipping.
I have enjoyed this watch immensely! It's very stylish and accurate. I highly recommend it!
good product and was exactly as presented. the service was great and arrived in a timely manner
It was an incredible purchase. The watch is very trendy and originally engineered.
The watch is happily lightweight, easy to read, and it's a Seiko. Nuff said.
i was using this item for one year and it is very accurate and good shape too.
It is nice cause of super light, same with picture, and small size than imaging.I recommend it to purchase.
Very durable....I like plastic watch,...won't scratch my phones, cameras, mp3.I can't add very good,..so this is perfect for me!
so far, so good....unfortunately, the auto-light function doesn't really seem to work...other than that, it serves its purpose.
THIS WATCH LOOK PRETTY EXPENSIVE AND COOL TOO. BEWARE DONOT BUY THE BLACK COLOR.
I have owned Seiko watches basicaly all my adult life and this by far is the coolest!
It was a long time my dream watch.I wasn't disappointed when I received: It's perfect. Gorgeous and works great.
I also love this watch this watch is very professional and it's nice looking anytime gucci anytime
The watch looks great, the bands are tricky but the sellers are generous with offering assistance to buyers.
The product was as presented and very satisfactory.The service and delivery were very timely.I am totally satisfied.
I returned this watch. It was way too big. I think it was a man's watch.
I picked up one of these this year after some 2006 shady episodes. Thankfully, she has now forgiven me...Kobe.
Gave this to my neighbor who just enlisted in Army. He was thrilled with this watch.
Great watch for the price. Very stylish and looks great on your arm! I've received lots of compliments.
The watch arrived broken and not working, had to spend an extra $30 to get it repaired.
Swiss Army Victorinox Men's SC 1000 Watch #24534Very Cool, sleak men's watch.
I love this watch. I got it for a great price. It arrived faster than they said it would.
This watch was shipped promptly, works great, have had no problems with this product.
A very nice watch, and it looks much much more beautiful than it the picture.
This is a gorgeous watch, my girlfriend loved it! She has received lots of compliments!
nice looking watch for the wife. she loves the invisible clasp and overall look of it.
A great everyday day/date watch. Light weight and attractive. Luminescent markings for easy reading in the dark.
Had trouble with the calendar on the first watch. Amazon was quick to replace it.
What can I say it's good for reflecting light and blinding people.
This watch is very nice and sleek. Great for everyday wear. I am very satisfied.
I find that this product was of superb quality.shipping was timely.I'm a very happy guy
I love the look and simplicity of this watch. However it scratches very easily.
I love Bulova watches and this is not an exception. A good purchase at a very reasonable price.
Only criticism is that it has no background light function, so viewing time in the dark is essentially impossible.
this watch is good one with affordable price and much cheaper than my local proce.
I got this watch last september. I love this watch. Kenneth Cole made a awesom watch
Classic with a touch of fun (the crystals :)1 1/4 inch wide face
contento con la compra, falto informacion por parte de altivo timepieces pero al final todo llego a tiempo
Nice Tissot, the store send all accesories included with original package. The shipping was excellent.
I felt i got exactly what i paid for i only purchase kenneth cole watches and i like it
looks very classic, the watch is not vey big, so suits my samll bone. I like it very much.
Loved this watch, but unfortunnately arrived with deep scratches on the metal back side.
I like the watch a lot. I would buy it again. Made for a small wrist.
Had looked for watch with mesh band and this was a perfect choice. service and quality both great!!!
I really liked the watch. has elegant looks and what else.... of course, it's Tissot.
Very Unhappy with my purchase. The watch is not as waterproof as it claims.
Bought this watch for my wife. She loves it. Watchband broke - Nixon quickly replaced it at no charge.
I had to send this watch back because it was very small and the face was barely visible.
I love this watch! It is an oversized men's style watch - beautiful. I get compliments on it often.
I got the watch for my wife, however it is way to big for a woman.
Great.Fits my taste, works great, condition as described by the seller, fast shipment.I am satisfied with that purchase.
just the color,the real one doesn't look like the one that you show to us.anything else is perfect~thank you
The watch is very comfortable to wear. It has so many different options.Barb
excelente tienda, el envio fue mas rapido de lo estimado. El reloj llego en buen estado
This is not a quartz movement as stated in the "Product Description". It is an automatic (self-winding) mechanical movement.
Great service! I am enjoying the watch and love the black dial with the day and date.
Great Value for the money. Shipped on time. My wife wears it daily.
I am very satisfied with my Lorus watch. It is attractive and keeps great time.
looks better in the picture but still a nice addition to the collection.
Watch was great as expected. Very fast shipping, nice packaging. Thank you.
This is a decent watch. Good for this price, but far from a excellent deal. It's very thick.
no problems, all ok for this product, the quality is awesome!!original k cole.. recommended for future ship and more.
Not exactly what I was looking for, but hey it tells the time....I gave it to my son.
The watch did not work and had to be returned. This was a great inconvenience.
I buy this watch for my boyfriend, he was really happy, it's beautifull and big, is a man watch.
The watch is great - a modern elegant version of an old fashioned watch
Bought 2 over the last 10 years. Great watch. Can hardly feel that it is there.
I know there is no price match, but Walmart.com is advertising the same watch for under $40.
great watch. I get annoyed with the armband for the GPS, but it does work well!
They answered all my inquiries and when i asked if they could fasttrack the delivery - they did so.
You can not expect high quality for this price, let you wrist black when weather is hot
Looks as good in hand as on the screen. Construction is not quite Skagen quality, but not bad.
Realmente al recibirlo no me agrado mucho, en la fotografia se ve mucho mejor que en la mano.
Quick Shipping - good packing. Quality watch. Very happy with the price and quality of item - wonderful deal.
Item was just as described. Prompt response to any questions and fast shipping. Would buy from again.
Beautiful watch, I have admired it for a long time and now feel extremely lucky to own one.
Excellent assistance and the sending was rapid, the product came in perfect conditions. Thank you....
It was a very pretty watch but very big. Doesn't look as big in the picture.
feels solid, look nice, but I found it a little to big.
This watch does not work in the UK. Its a nice paperweight as its quite large and heavy!
This is a very gorgeous watch band. It is very durable too. I am extremely pleased with it !!
Fast shipping on this item. Perfect fit for my watch. Thanks.
Hi Everybody.The strap is ok, but the color in the picture is dark than I received.Thanks a lot.
The watch is exactly what I expected. My wrist is very thin but it fits perfectly.
a bit heavy look,the black subdials look awsome,chain is bit simple but overall a very nice watch
Excellent watch, elegant, I'm happy with it, I thought the watch was bigger, but it's excellent i recommend it.
Nice looking everyday watch. Black background easy to read. Face scratches easily though - not that noticeable however
My wifed loved it, it's hardier than gold and looks incredibly awesome. Worked great as a 1st anniversary gift.
I love this watch. small and pretty and practical.I don't need battery for this.it is such a good deal
It is more beautiful than it looks in the image. Works wonderfully. Could not have asked for more.
Great, just great!!! so pretty even such a picky person like me loves it so much!!!!!
Looked great , good name BUT...Watch died after 3 months of use. What a piece of junk.
Guys that watch is so good, it looks good, it's the best for me :)
this was a false advertisement, the watch pictured is not the watch that was received. don't be fooled.
I'm very glad with this watch, What I saw online is what I get, fast delivery.
The band is a little stiff, the metal band may be better. Overall, this is a good product.
I have always wanted a digital watch and this one has proven to be satisfactory and reasonably priced.
Works great not to many bells & whistles to make using this item a pain.
I like all casio watches, the product was received on time and it was as described online.
Decent watch. Looks OK,keeps good time. Nothing to write home about. Hey its a Timex
Nice design and simple watch operation for an everyday timepiece. And Timex reliability is top notch.
The Item was ordered as a present. The delivery was prompt and the reciever was very Pleased
This watch is a weather station,tne temperature ehat show is correct and the tide and moon phases
This is an excellent watch with several other functions.As with most watches the alarm volume is not loud enough.
Good looks, inexpensive but very functional. I would diffenently recommend buying this watch with the 10 year battery.Great deal.
I am very pleased with the styling and functionality that Casio puts into their watches and bands.
I think the watch is very well,and I received it as soon as possible,and I like it very much.
The similarly colored hands and face make quick time telling more of a chore than it should be.
I would recommend this Watch. It looks it costs much more than it costs.Looks like a high priced Watch.
me gusto mucho el reloj de pulsera que me vendierongracias por todo vale graciassss por todooooooo voolvere a comprarlo
Great looking watch for very little money. Databank function works but seems a little useless. Overall a great buy.
This watch have a lot of functions.95% steel and 5% plastic, it's elegant and robust.
Bracelet is stainless steel, this is right... The case is made up plastic.I hope this is not on purpose.
Ni se imaginan los usos que he podido dale al reloj Casio es Casio
Watch is great. My husband's favorite! We keep replacing it every couple of years to the same watch..
Thanks to Amazon, I received this Watch on time and it looks better than displayed on this site.
No fuss - no frills - only reliable, functional, practical watch that keeps accurate time...
A classy watch with a touch of rocker with that great band.
Great watch, great price...cheesy band (and it was too small). Replaced it and I am fully satisfied.
Like the eco-drive concept. Like the quality of the watch. what I was hoping for!
Great watch! It is very stylish with a t-shirt or a dress shirt. Well worth the investment.
Watch was great; however, the instruction booklet did not arrive with it. I have requested one from the shipper.
This is a great watch but I dont have a oppportunity to try its water proof
Very beautiful, perfect size, not too small or too large. Looks much nicer than the picture. Keeps time perfectly.
Watch is excellent, looks much better better than on the photo and is very durable.
This watch is amazing, and the service was great, next business day delivery. Noting to say just GREAT .
Very well built. Note it is only 25mm wide (old standard for men's size, but may look small today).
thank you amazon for your care of you customers, I would recomend amazon to anyone I know off
This watch is great. It's come in handy at my home, friends' homes, and best of all at bars.
Love this watch, I have this b4,Battery Life span(1-2yrs)with learning function almost control all IRemote appliances.
Awsome. Great to use in class rooms to turn on tvs and fool teachers. Highly recomend it.
Great watch. I bought it for a gift for my husband. He loves it.
This is a watch that live up to the promises. It is easy to operate nice to look at.
Good product, just a little different from image product, but still a great watch for the price..
This is an excellent watch at this price..looks good on the wrist and has very good features
This is an excellent Gold& silver colored watch. Its totally amazing. It says battery life is 10 years.
This watch is really elegant. Considering the price and the quality, I cannot mention any drawback. It's worth buying.
Small buttons are difficult to use. After a while you get familiar.it is good watch.
My dad loved this watch - it is a nice quality for a good price.
I've been using this watch for more than 6 months now. Its really a nice affordable swiss watch.
Perfect function, excellent service. If you need a Swiss I recomend this one.
What an amazing watch, it looks way better in person then in the pic, get it now
casio watches were as described and at a very good price. very satisfied with this order.
Great for the price. The only thing keeping this from perfection is that there is no backlight
Got this for middle school son; he's happy with what the features, and is perfect for his current needs.
BY far the best watch I have ever owned, simple and amazing, and it wont break your wallet
Absolutely great watch! It has everything! I love to wear it!It is the best watch in the world! Perfect!
This was new in perfect condition. Thank you, Gary J. Dean.
It's a beautiful watch. It was heavier than expected but didn't take long getting used to.
I bought this watch for every day use on work. Nice watch for the price.
good watch ..looks good....look for lesser prices...it is available for less than Target price....at walmart
Very happy with the Casio watch I purchased from Just Calculators. Will definitely do it again.
Great watch - very lightweight -- water resistant -- dualtime rocks -- needs light for nite
For the money - Great looking dual display watch...Had same one before, replacing it after many years of service.
I like this watch for it's lightness, functions & quality.Keeps very good time compared to others i have had.
I needed a replacement and this fit the bill perfectly! And, the price was RIGHT.
Inexpensive watch with many worthwhile features, all easy to use. Back lighting is exceptional. Long battery life. Recommended.
All functions (watch, stopwatch, timer, alarm) function perfectly. Watch was very reasonably priced. Excellent product, great value.
A far more readable and useful watch than the metal-clad analog watches that sell for much more.
I thought, atleast I could see the hands in the dark -- but no such luck...
Received watch quickly, and was very pleased. I've had excellent experience with Casio over many years.
A nice, light-weight watch.NO luminescence of any kind.I will keep it in my car console for a backup.
fascinates me, I came out very good so far this watch in almost a year
Bought this watch for my wife. She likes the clasp for easy on/off.
shipping speed was very fast, and the item is working quite well now. as good as i thought
this watch is good price and good presentation, and you can use with any time.
nice design and durable a great low level watch. Great value!!!
I'm very glad with this watch.It is cheap, nice looking, and fits perfectly.Bought it for everyday use, very comfortable.
3 days after I received the product, I discovered the battery had died. Very disappointed to say the least.
If a nice basic watch is what you're loking for, this is it! Great product, great price!
Good watch with lots of useful functions. A bit on the clunky side for runners.
magnificent watch everything that one expects from what has this Casio watch and a fantastic price
I like the watch very much. Easy to see. A little on the large sideee.
I received my item very quickly. Great service and great quality! Thank you very much.
Watch and assistance was all excellent, DHL shipping is ridiculousbut not the sellers fault.Stay away from DHL.
If you are looking for an automatic,fine & detailed design,titanium with 1000m diving capability,never miss this one!
This watch is really pretty. I was so happy with the way it looks.
i wore this no longer than 2 weeksthe watch belt broke becasue they used clue to attach joints
Very happy with this product and this provider!! I got it for $229 so check around.
This is one tough watch. I would bang it around and it hasn't failed me yet..
Beautiful looking watch, my wife loved it, great looking dial. the bracelet is medium size, would recommend it
How can you beat a $9.00 watch that is waterproof and a Casio? You can't
I love this watch, but the band is starting to fade. Otherwise this thing is awesome.
Excellent, it's running perfectly. For golfer, you'll love it!Needs a bigger user guide, hard to read the small letters.
If you are over 5'10", this watch might look small on your wrist. It keeps accurate time though.
awesome I would say for the money it costs.looks and works really good.
I have two friends who have these. Had to have one for myself. Difficult to find. Amazon came through!
I purchased this for my son and it's the only watch he'll wear.
Cute Mickey watch.Only downside was it arrived with a completely dead battery.
This is the nicest watch, and a great price, nothing cheap about it! Very nice, a wonderful gift!
is a great watch my husband use this one to work and he like this a lot
I have used two of this watch, and for both the band broke in about 1 year.
An excellent time piece..a little heavy and would be excellent if had the date
The watch I bought has a very bad quality.I feel very sorry.
It fits my wrist nicely. I hope it stays with me until I die.
Good band. The strap that connects the watch is a dark blue though so not 100% black band.
Fit perfectly and wears nice. Has two little bands to hold the tag end in place.Just what i wanted.
Rugged, durable, and water resistant features make for ideal product. Would highly recommend to others.
Very nice watch but a big problem is to watch time !!! Very worrying for a watch.
highly recommended... durable... fits in my CASIO watch.. always use TIMEX bands for yearsss XD
This watch is cute, but the edges of the band tend to fray.
A true collector's item! Waited several months before purchasing...now wear it often on the weekends and casual Fridays.
I LIKE THE WATCH ITS VERY CASUAL FITS VERY WELL AND IS SO FAR RELIABLE NO COMPLAINTS
It is very easy to wear and glows in the dark. Looks great with jeans, casual dress.
The Watch was exactly as it was described, arriving with the original box, paperwork, etc.
Invicta is a good watch....this is the second one I have purchased.
My watch took it into the water on the face so I do not recommend
It's really a nice watch, especially for those who do not want to buy Jananese watches at this price.
Beautiful watch, great price. I'll take my family on a nice ski weekend now.
This was a gift to my son and he loves it. It's a beautiful piece.
This is an impressively solid and good looking watch at a remarkable price. I'm definitely pleased with it.
I THINK THIS WATCH IS VERY GOOD, BUT ITS DELIVERY RATE IS A LITTLE SLOW.
I'm very satisfied with this product. The service from you guys is as good as always.....
This is a great watch and at an amazing price. I will definitely be buying more Invicta's from Amazon.
This is the look-a-like standard icon Rolex......the style and quality are outstanding in this INVICTA for the price......Excellent deal!!!!!
Shipping was on time, good.Quality is not I expected! otherwise no word on this item.
this is an excellent timepiece. i haven't had any problems with it. best of all, i love the price.
Very heavy and nicely finished watch that really should cost quite a bit more. What a deal!
to put it simply i love love my new watch, it keeps perfect time love it love it.
Nice looking but heavy. Takes awhile to get a good wind. Keeps fair time.
ES UN EXCELENTE RELOJ, CON BUENA VISTA, BUENA AUTONOMIA DE MARCHA, SILENCIOSO, ESTOY MUY SATISFECHO POR SU PRECIO-CALIDAD
The product (Invicta Men's Automatic Pro Diver S2 Watch #8926) and service are very good
who needs to shell out 5 grand for a Rolex Submariner with this baby....The best!!!
this watch is the my 2nd inviata's watch . I just like it so much
Like the watch. The band broke and am not finding Invicta tech support very helpful, almost non-existent.
Do you have a service center in Russia?What address should I contact?Will the warranty?thanks....
High quality, good look, very good packing for gift and it is working very well so far.
I will never expect $99 will get me a watch this nice. No kidding!!!
Pros. PriceAuotmaticGood lookingCons. Made in Japan not any more in switzerland
i love this watch i've been using it daily for a month and i really like it
A pretty nice watch. My friends mentioned that this watch looked like a Rolex watch. Accuracy is OK.
The price is good, however, it does not run accurately. It runs about 5 minutes faster in one week.
I get a lot of compliments. I am currently shopping for my second Invicta watch.
this watch is a great value for the money. I highly recommend it.
very nice watch and features. the face is a little larger than anticipated, but really nice
This is a beautiful Watch and I am very happy with my purchase.
no problem with the watch, exactly that i expected. im sure that everyone the buy it will be satisfied.
although slightly larger than normal, this is a very handsome watch, easy to size and read
VERY COOL AND LIGHT WATCH,,AND THE PRICE WAS LIKE 65% OFF THE REGULAT PRICEGREAT IDEA FOR GIFTS
great watch for the value - its sporty and has qualities you'll find on more expensive time pieces.
Great watch at a low price, I love it and it has a ten year battery
this watch is awesome and it grabs every ones eye when you wear it. great watch!!!
IT IS A VERY GOOD LOOKING MALE WRIST WATCH HAVING VERY SOLID & ATTRACTIVE DESIGN. I RECOMMEND TO EACHONE.THANKS
What a super deal on an absolulely beautiful watch!Only you will know what a $ amount ya sporting.
Good looking watch, no doubt about it.Very happy with the purchase, bought it 1 month agogo for it!
Looks and works like a ROLEX...Now need to get me an auto winder...LoL... Guess I'm a littlle lazzy...
this watch is SO damn hot i just love it Big like a man
great watch for the style and ruggedness with features you'll find on more expensive timepieces.
My title says it all. So good that I have ordered a 2nd one. Highly Recommended!
Looks much better than the economical cost and it keeps exceptional time. Glad I made this purchase.
It is ok for meI think the price is good for the quality,I will use the watch every day.
The watch is smaller than specs. and is like a woman with bad reputation...............I return it.
Nice looking watch. Precise quartz mechanism. Heavy, Chain needs adjustment, a bit complicated to use.
This product came in great time and it is in awesome condition! My husband is going to love this!
Nice watch .. I like this kind of watchbeautiful shape and designit is wonderful watchi use it every day
Generally speaking, it's good. The only point I don't like is the magnifier on the glass surface.
Excelente reloj, acabados perfectos. Muy elegante y fuerte. Un poco peque&ntilde;o, esperaba fuera un poco mas grande. Lo recomiendo.
this is my forth watch from Invicta. Love them great quality and you cant beat the price
Very very good watch. Very light. Had it a couple years now and it still looks like new.
Cheap and good!Hi quality, easy to use. less maintance, good price, what else do you want? I like it!
This is a great watch, good looking, sporty and with a great price, a must have!!.
This product worked exactly as I imagined. It is easy to used and fits my large hands very well.
Love my Locman! Ordered the woman's version since these watches tend to be so large. Very happy with it.
This Timex watch keeps perfect time. I needed an alarm and this works great. Shipping time was super.
This watch is exactly as described. A very beautiful and functional watch. Definitely met my expectations!
I love it but had to change the batteries. Very good prduct and worth the money!
Looks great, fits well. Does not break the bank and has unique styling. A great everyday watch.
The watch is perfect and very class. It comes with the full packaging and it is very nice.
Easy to wear and sporty for a boy who is very active. Great look too.
Loved it and so did my boyfriend!! very classy looking watch, nice bright blue, great for any look!
This watch was given to my granddaughter for her 11th birthday. She loves it! And that's all that matters!
I wanted an analog perpetual calendar watch and this one fit the bill nicely. Great price!!
The item was just as advertised, service was quick, and the price was the best found on the internet.
I bought this item thinking it was a women's watch. It was too large for my wrist.
I wear this watch when I hike or while doing weekend activities. Good quality, sporty.
It's a nice watch. But, it's too big on my wrist. I returned it.
this is my 5th invicta. Very nice. I would have liked a heavier band but it looks great.
Invicta Men's II Collection Watch #2877It was a great watch and the delivery was on time
Received the best price I have ever seen on this watch and the service was fantastic.
Great watch for the price. We bought 7 for groomsmen gifts for our wedding. Great gift!
Anne Klein says it all! Exquisite tasteful and top of line product. My fiancee loves it!
this watch is excellent always have the right time love the clor not to big for my arm
Good product but a solid strap would have been better than the few links at the back.
This watch rules. It can withstand lots of nasty dish water and it looks cool. Get one.
The watch is very attractive. Black face, black leather beand. Looked great with a black tux!
The watch is beautiful but the clasp isn't very secure and the watch could be easily lost
nice detail looks great on the wrist keeps accurate time just be aware this is one heavy watch
pass this one by, first tool broke first time I used it. very poor quality
For a person who collects watched, this had all the tools I need to keep them in shape.
I live a very tightly scheduled life, and the simple timer, and stopwatch features on this watch are priceless.
Great watch, at great price. I bought it as a gift for my Dad... he loves it too.
very nice , my wife loves it, way better than the watchs she has had.
Love this watch. Wear it all the time and would recommend it to anyone looking for a sports watch.
This watch was a gift for my daughter. She seems to enjoy it.
the mother-of-pearl is beautiful...great watch and good leather bands. The steel band is rather cheap...but I love the watch!
Great watch with style and quality. Can't go wrong with buying an 'Invicta' watch of any style/gender. Highly recommendable.
Very nice watch. Face is rather large, but wears very well. Nice quality of bands
My boyfriend was thrilled to get this watch as a gift. It is just wonderful
awesome, i got it the next day with regular delivery. the watch lokks amazing. good job.
I like guess watches spicily gold candy rock and white. gold one is look like really gold.
I never come ste product in the address Guess Women"s Waterpro gold-tone Crystal Accented Watch #11609L
Great watch. Only one around I could find. You will not be unhappy with this one.
I have had mine mistaken for the Cartier Tank once already. Great value. Exceptional quality.
This is a great looking watch, but it is definitely a man-size watch which the description does not indicate.
handsome watch, rugged. had issue with keeping up with correct date until battery was changed. overall nice time piece.
This is a great looking watch with excellent functions and is a great deal on Amazon.
This is the best watch I've ever bought. Everyone has complemented me on it. You must buy this watch!
I love the watch. Looks great with anything, fits nice, and holds up pretty well in all weather.
Love this watch. Looks so nice. The only thing is it is hard to read the minutes.
I bought this watch for my wife and she loves it. It has a very professional look to it.
The product was exactly as it was described. I have a small wrist so it fits perfectly.Highly recommend it,
thsi watch is just amazing more stunning in person than i imagine I LOVE THIS WATCH
This is very attractive watch at a great price. I get many compliments on it every day.I I I
This is one the best watch in line and the vest value. I strongly recomend it.
the military numbers are too small to read in daylight, and worse for a night working nurse.
love the watch. looks like a bracelet. The background almost looks black- which is what I really wanted
Item arrived quickly!! Watch was beautiful and packaged nicely. Thanks for such a great item at a great price.
This watch is absolutely gorgeous. The new owner says he is thrilled!
Durable watch for children. Helps to teach them time, easy velcro for kids.Good seller and shipper. Thanks Again
This was a gift for my 9 yr old nephew's birthday. He loooooooves it!
No need to set your watch. It sets itself. Very accurate and good-looking on the writst.
This watch is a great product. I have gotten many compliments on it. It looks beautiful and runs good.
I buy this item as a present to my Wife, and she love it.
Skagen Women's Stainless Steel WatchReceived this watch as a Christmas present,its exactly what I wanted! The color is beautiful
Item was delivered promptly, in perfect condition, and my husband LOVES it! It is a very sharp looking watch!
This is a good purchase for under $30. Not problem at all
Great watch. Bright indiglow is useful finding my glasses in the morning dark!
Nice neat watch, accurate, back light nice, but date very hard to see.
Looks better than the picture,elegant, good lookingslim watchGood watch i'm very happy with this.
100% satisfaction with product and I was especially impressed with how fast I received the product.
Great watch for the price. Day date window is large and clear. Indiglo a bonus. Very happy customer
The Timex T2B941 is an appealing watch. Nicely designed and worth every cent.
I would recommend you to anyone. Thanks for the fast service...
I bought this for my husband and he loves it. It is a GREAT watch for the money.
I have always bought Timex watches and had good luck with them. I use them with my Inlay watchbands.
This is an awesome product. I could not find it except for online. They work great around our pool.
Is chunkier than it appears in the photo. Definitely not suitable for a thin-wristed person.
It was the best price all over the internet. Warranty was much better than other places. (5yr from Amazon)
I bought this watch months ago, all was excellent, the time of delivery, the watch, all. I love it.
I got a really good deal for this watch and it looks great too, very classy.
I bought this watch on December 22, 2006! It works great!The watch is beautiful and simple.
This is a very good looking watch. It goes with dressy or casual and it makes you feel well=dressed.
I received the goods on time. it is not my first Stuhrling watch. everithing perfect!
The watch is very beautiful. My husband likes it very much. It is nice dress watch.
This watch is cool,But It's biger than i imagine when i saw itand buy this one on the Amazon,
I have returned the product. The arms of the watch was not working.
It looks nice, but the dial could have been slightly bigger. It has a classy appearance to it.
i like this watch it's incredible, but i want to know if have an alarm
Hello again from Tegucigalpa,Honduras.My mom is happiest with your fine watch.I liked its too,so,I'll buy one!Thanks a lot!Maria M.
This was a gift for my dad and he loved it and wants to fill it with watches.
The description of this model (2561.80) says 41.5mm, but it's actually only 36.25mm. This model is the Mid Size.
The watch is very simple and very stylish. For both Casual and Formal ocassions.
After I received a malfunction one (it retarded 30-50 mins without stopping)This is the second one, and it's wonderful.
I have bought the same watch for many relatives and everyone has loved it. It is sleek and beautiful.
It was a very mutch purchases!I want to all Good Parties.That next year comes with more and more offers.
Lightweight, comfortable, accurate, and outstanding timeless style, Skagen will be my choice for watches for a very long time!
It's a comfortable great looking watch. I've recieved numerous compliments on it and people assume it's very expensive.
Received on Time Excellent Price and Service A++++++.it is a very beautiful watch. Better Than my Expecations.
I bought this watch as a gift for a friend. He specifically loved the mesh band.
very nice and sleek watch.. just wish it had date on it but no big deal.
It's a thin watch. It's the perfect size and color for understated elegance. The design is very simple.
This watch is very flat and cool looking. My husband loves it. It was the perfect anniversary gift.
I was very pleased. The product is excellent and authentic. In the original box and well shipped.
Thin, lightweight and distinct. Different from any other watch in the market. Isn't scratch proof.
I gave this watch as a gift. It is very elegant and my friend loves it.
I received the watch very quickly, in perfect condition and it is great looking. Very good value.
The watch is amazing and so sharp to look at and i'm very pleased. I could not be happier!
This watch is amazing in so many ways! You will totally love the luxury look of this!A must buy!
I really liked the look of this watch. It was everything I thought it would be.
item was exactly what I expected. The sale went perfectly. I am very pleased
Excellent piece of jewellery.Slim light and elegant.Highly recommended to everybody.Will buy another Skagen's watch for sure.Five stars!!!!!!!!
I purchased this watch for my dad for Christmas and he loved it.
It's a good item, beautifull, very light and it's arrived in four days in saudi arabia. (it's nice)
Very classy watch. No problem with ordering and receiving watch. Small problem with clasp but should be easily corrected.
This is my second Skagen Titanium one silver, one black.Durable, handsome and sleek. Perfect for on the run.
This is a good product and it was in good shape when received . No complaints.
Toller Shop. Bei mir lief immer alles einwandfrei ab! daumen hochsuper gelaufen,mit freundlichen Gru&szlig; aus Deutschlandsuper,super super super
excellent watch. great looking. would be even better if it had date.
Great watch! It's very thin, light weight and waterproof - looks gret too! I get compliments on this watch.
extremely attactive watch face;so light you almost do not feel it on your wrist.Has been admired by many.
Very simple, but stylish. Got it as a present for my husband. He loves it and I do too.
Nice watch, as advertised, only issue is band clasp isn't real secure and releases easily.
No second hand and no date indicator are minuses. Nice look for everday watch.
I've found it be very handy when travelling multiple time zones and keeping track of the time at home.
why is it 50% more than regular price? Can i buy it at regular price please?
I bought this watch for a Christmas gift. My husband loved it. The price was awesome compared to retail.
Excellent quality and Best value, sell like hot cake.... REally love this one, one of my favorites...enjoy
This item is look's good. but when i ordered i found problem on that watch.
This is my second Skagen watch and I love them both! The design is sleek and classy.
The watch looks very sleek. It's worth the price. It even has a date window.
I absoutely love my Skagen stainless steel watch...perfect size and faultless design...I highly recommend!
This watch is stylish and comfortable.. It was a bargain compared to local stores as well...
The watch is sleek and looks elegant for the price i paid. Looks like a Expensive watch.
The crystal doesn't scratch, even though I wear it as an every day watch.
A nice watch, well made, extremely light weight. Nice styling too. Great deal for the money.
The watch was in perfect condition but the battery died soon after I received the watch
This is a very nice design. The look is simple, sleek and sophisticated. The price was right.
Wonderful watch / excellent quality.Bought this for my wife as a gift and she loves it. Highly recommended.
This is a great watch for the price and looks more expensive than the price.
This is a gorgeous watch. It really looks classy and very feminine.
I received one, A diamond away.Very ugly, I need refund!I need refund!!!What a pool quality!!!What a very pool quality!!!
I got this watch for my wife as her xmas gift.she loved it. Skagen watches are great buys...amazing quality.
I like the simplicity of this watch. It is slim and classy and looks professional.
I gave this watch to my fiance as a gift and she loved it. Can't lose with this one.
Love my new watch! It is very thin and comfortable. I get compliments every time I wear it..
This watch has a clean, simple, elegant look and is of good quality. I am enjoying wearing it.
Great watch, but why on earth would Amazon ship it with a dead battery? FAIL.
Watch arrived quickly and as advertised - like it very much.Great quality, slim and stylish..
This is a thin,easy to read watch. Works for work or casual wear. Would buy again.
Very fast delivery. The watch is excellent quality. It was a gift for my daughter and she loves it.
Solid built. Its also light. Could not have found a better watch for my dad.
I ordered this watch to my sister for her wedding , she loves itperfect for brides.
The watch is great and the entire process of ordering and shipping went perfecly.
I own 3 ESQ watches and love each one. They are stylish and priced right.
The only problem with this watch is that it would not keep the correct date. The time was excellent.
given as a gift, solid watch seems well made for a good price, recipient was pleased.
Gave this as a present. She still uses it. Nice looking watch, fits lots of outfits, keeps good time...
My friend like the watch very much he wasthinking he is one of the rich people
Nice Watch for the Price. Very accurate for an automatic watch.
Nice watch overall. Great for people who like watches that are light in weight.
There is a smell from the inside that makes my watch and the unit smell awful.
Excellent function, keeps the watch perfectly wound, I haven't been able to hear it yet... virtually silent.
All the bells and whistles that a high end watch should have. Very impressive quality for the price.
My girlfriend is very pleased with this present i gave her.This watch in my country costs 5 times more
Great quality , somewhat smaller than I expected. I am very pleased with this purchase.
Love this watch. The watch arrived safely and it is beautiful Great value!
Very good sevice. Watch arrived in perfect condition just as expected.I would reccomend this supplier highly.
I got this watch for my girlfriend and she loves it!Points for me!
The winder is very cheap. It works but I will be amazed it if last more then a year.
I have use it for the past three month and so far is working perfectly.Hope it continue like that.
This wach is very light weight and good quality. Highly recommanded, I will definitely but it again.
This is the second one I have owned, very nice looking and light waight.
I like the watch but after about two years of use the clasp stopped functioning and is not repairable.
I had one just like it years ago, and this one is a winner also.
Given the sale price of $55.00, how can one go wrong with this Skagen titanium men's watch.
Great looking watch, arrived quickly. Appearance is what I expected.BUT, the face/crystal is cracked. Is there a warranty?
Great Look to this watch - goes well with black or other color clothing. Very comfy band.
It is not luxury, but simple .diamond (?) s are very small than I expected.everyday I use it
I really like this watch. Reasonably priced, light weight and very sylish! Goes with everything!
Great looking watch. My wife has received many complements on it since I purchased for her.
The watch was sent very quickly, and performs as advertised, very nice style. Pleased with merchant and the watch.
Simple and user friendly.Cannot ask for anything more for the price paid.Recommend for anyone who needs a simple watch
These batteries typically last less than a month. Apparently you get what you pay for.
High quality. However, chain does not provide any room for adjustment, but excellent quality.
The design is simple and the watch looks nice on my mom. Good gift and good price.
I bought this watch box for my fiance and he loved it, it's so pretty
The watch box looks better than the picture. My wife loved the gift.
My husband is very happy with a case to hold all his watches.
I'm very satisfied with this product, it has a great looking and an afoordable price.
Its big! hehe no more comments its a REALLY great watch! u'll make yourself notice xD
Really nice watch. A bit heavy, but that makes the "expensive look".
MSN Direct still supports this watch; personal info gets sent to me just fine.
it was everything that was expected and it arrived in only 2 days. Very pleased.
My girls loved this, and I like the way that it was packaged in a reusable tin box. Wonderful!
My daughter loved this item. It arrived exactly as described, and on time. And the cost was amazing!
I knew it was cheaply made when I bought it. So I guess this was no suprise.
My husband is happy with this watch. It is a replacement for one he had for many years.
Everything this seller did was fine, except for charging too much for shipping. Amen.
This is the only watch my husband will own, he never takes it off and just loves it.
I liked this watch but not that much as i saw it in the site....
This watch has a clean look, and works well. The instruction manual is small, but well detailed.
The watch could be a little thinner but it is not a complaint. I really like it so far.
both first watch and replacement leaked - never submerged below one meter - supposedly "water resistant to 50 meters"
It has all kinds of functions, very good. The actual item looks excactly like the picture.
beautiful watch! operates a beauty! I love it! but it would be interesting if the lighting is stronger!
Great watch for not much money, seems to work well,easy to read, easy to set up.Bill
Casio Men's Ana-Digi Bracelet Watch #AW80D-1AVgood loking reliable watch. Excellent product for the price.
Fantastic item. great deal and ships very quickly!just like what it described on the picture. A+
This is a nice watch It is a littel on the lite side. An The lens is easly scrached.
The product is exactly as described. Except the back light. It could use a better light for night viewing.
This watch is cheap and reliable. The only drawback is that the surface of the watch is easily scratched.
A good watch for under 20 bucks. Band is very cheap mine broke in less than a month.
The watch is very good, not too complicated and it rings loud enough to hear. A++
I like the bigger buttons. It is simple to use. It's not to manly.I would buy another one.
the watch is really nice and it's suitable for one person how has a strong body.
A great watch; could be used as casual or business elegant look. Definitely very easy to use..overall, very satisfied.
tools seem sturdy. it comes in a nice zip case. it's good for a non-professional.
I am thrilled with the watch and how fast I recieved it. I would recommend you to everyone,
I received the wrong order, I order the diver Black face T25 RBBR nylon.\I'm not happy.
Not sure how well it works. It was returned as it was the wrong item.
This was a gift but it's look beautiful in mi wife's wrist. I higly recommend it.
Watch came in a timely fashion, in perfect condition. Nice job! Thank you!
The face of the watch is smaller than what I thought. Overall a great watch.
It was a great buy, amazing price for what I got it for. No problems thus far.
As usual, swatch has magnificent watches.This watch is small, ideal for a thin woman. looks fine with informal clothes
Very well made and easy to operate.Looks also cool and very comfortable to wear.
I just bought a couple days ago and i'm please with this watch.It's big, trendy and so cool.
IT'S A GREAT WATCH. IT GETS A LITTLE TRICKY TO SEE THE TIME THOUG.
This is a very nice watch. I thought it that was a little more bigger.But its nice. Useful.
Me encanta el reloj, es del tama&ntilde;o perfecto, deportivo, muy lindo. El servicio fue excelente. Gracias
WICKED STUFF.believe not avail in uk, so what a bargain. got charged customs duty so beware!
Its simple nice watch... its not big and it is femenine... very femenine
I gave this as a present and it came in great shape and my boyfriend loves it.
This watch is very cool. The little robot dances across the screen. The only issue no date stamp.
The watch is very big in size, & very shiny. Sure you'll get attention. I like it.
Fast Service, Fast Delivery, As it was described, Will Definitely buy from this seller again.
I bought it for a gift, it is a really pretty watch, not too small not too big
This watch fits great and is very comfortable. Perfect evening watch that is easy to garner attention.
Fast delivery, super watch got from usa to denmark in 2 days!! top seller!! thank you!:o)
I have a metal allergy and this titanium watch solved it. Very nice looking and a great price.
The watch arrived broken. I contacted the seller and there was no concrete response. Do not buy this seller
Much better than a Hilfiger that I purchased some time ago in a Free Shop.Delivery time was excellent.
Description, etc was perfect. I a happy with the purchase. Service was very fast
only problem was setting pocket watch on stand. had to use double sided tape to keep watch on stand
I like a lot. It was beyond my expectations.I look like a professional diver when I using it, hahaha.
For the money the watch is great. I needed it for the dual time.
Fast shipping, great price, really nice watch. I highly recommend this seller.
I'm absolutely happy with this watch. Pedometer very accurate and very easy to set up. Great buy!
had few problems receiving this but it was as described and it is a verysubstantial piece of bracelet.Really fun.
Pedometer is a extremely sensitive - so it over counts steps. The rest of the watch is excellent.
I bought this for my mom and she loves it. She uses it for walking and hiking.
The watch has been perfect and for such a great price. no complaints!
The pocket watch arrived very promptly and in great condition. It is a lovely time piece.
Just exactly as advertised and exactly what I wanted; service was great. Enjoyed the experience of shopping!
Just one of the most beautiful and classy watches in the market.The only watch I wanted to have...
The most accurate mechanical watch I have ever owned. Exactly what I expected from an Omega.
Just got it 3 days ago - beautiful watch for anyone that loves gadgets (that's me).
The batteries seems to be too weak, did not power the tire gauge that I bought for.
Do I need to add anything more then in the title?Would buy again and recommend others.
These batteries last as long as the big name competitors at a fraction of the price.
Received as a christmas present. Love it. Have received alot of compliments.
I think know that this watch looks and feels good, it is also very reliable and tough.
It is not an extraordinary watch but offered price was reasonable.High quality, nice look.
Works fine. A little too noisy, so I keep it in the closet.
Work by my father-in-law, in the sand, ocean, ice fishing, you name it. Still going strong and looking great.
This is a beautiful watch, inexpensive watch. It looks great anywhere from casual to dress.
I received the watch in a timely fashion and it looks even better in person.
This is a great looking watch for this price, nice bands, and easy to use.
Lightweight, comfortable, accurate and timeless style, Skagen watches are the "very best value" watches available!
Great watch - wanted something waterproof to wear swimming and in the shower. This is perfect!
This was a replacement for my wife so we already knew it was a good product. She's very pleased.
Shipped and delivered promptly. Great Woman's watch, it is light and very slim, well recieved as a gift.
I now have two Skagen watches. The quality is superb and they are extremely good looking. Try one!!
This watch looks fantastic, but the band is tough to fasten. It hasn't gotten any easier with practice.
I love Sakagen watches!! This one is beautiful, functional, and a great price.What more could you ask for?
Very sporty watch for an elegant evening out or just being casual.
I bought this for my wife as a gift. Very nicely designed and looks great in her wrist.
very nice comfortable watch and the price is right a great buyEnjoy wearing it it goes with many outfits
Wonderful watch, looks more expansive than what Amazon charges for it. Best pick for a business lady.
Purchased for my wife for Christmas...significantly exceeded my expectations for quality, particularly given the price.
Arrived just in time for Valintines day,good packaging,and my wifeloved it A++++++++++++++++
This watch look very nice, but a just used for 2 week and don't work, and nobody cant fixed.
Very nice watch, the others reviews are right: the photo doesn't show how excellent it's the plate.
It was a pleasure dealing with princton watches the cust. service was superb highly recomended will buy againEvyatar rabbani
The item shipped fast and was NOT a knockoff.Sunglasses also came with a case
My husband appreciated my Christmas gift of a Tissot chronograph watch but did not want it. I returned it.
This Tissot rocks! and for the price.. wow... I will get 2 more in a different color...
marvelus watch high tech. easy to work,one of the fabulus wonders of swiss.
Nice dress watch for the $$. Strap of good quality, but not long enough for a big wrist.
Seiko Men's Watch #SFWD24classic, yet elegant, you can't go wrong with Seiko Name. Highly recommend it.
I bought it to give to my boyfriend. It's easy to see the numbers, they are great.
This watch is very beautiful. I enjoy looking at it on my wife's wrist.
A great company to deal with. The product is a true product. I would recommend them to everyone.
this is a great watch. It keeps time well for an automatic
I HAVE THIS WATCH FOR TWO YEARS, NO PROBLEM THE MACHINE EXCELENT, ONLY WIN TWO MINUTES FOR WEEK.
The watch has all of the features mentioned in the product explanation and works as expected.
My nephew loved it. He is 8 and this is his first watchAnd it is water resistant. Great value
Very good watch for teens. There are better prices in Supermarkets.
What do you expect for $15? Nothing works on it. Pick something else.
It is practical, easy to use and cheap. This watch was a gift for my son and he liked
this is junk - the strap which works by velcro ripped in 1st week with just normal usage
Excellent service and turnaround time! Would definitely deal with this seller again!
Very nice watch box. I like the glass top and am very happy with the overall quality.
Low price come with high quality! It`s the first watch I am loving! Wonderful style! Great fashion!
Great invention but came with no instructions, do you use clockwise or counter clockwise movement?
Casio Men's DBC30-1 does not have a count down timer.You need to look closely at what you are buying.
Muy buen servicio de AMAZON,excelente amabilidad del personal de ventay compre el reloj que estaba buscando
The watch is ok it has a cheap feel to it..everything works.. I will give it 3 stars
Great watch -- great price -- fast shipping, what else is there!!
A good all-around value.The format or readout for the phone numbers needs to be improved.
This is terrible, nothing like the old databanks.And are they EVER going to put in a square root button?
Very good product delivered on time.User manual is essential and learning all the functions does take patience and time.
VERSATILE AND EXCELENT WATCH WITH MEMORY FOR HOLDING PHONE NUMBERS ETC. AT VERY LITTLE COST
Has a really cheap feel to it and the keyboard/functions are useless. Returned it.
I got this item by ups and it was cracked internally. The product is most definately going back!
Watch is just as advertised, the mailing was quick - what else could one ask for?
excellent ,would like to buy one moreCasio Men's World Time DataBank 10-Year-Battery Watch #AW80V-5BV (Purchased on 03/04/2009)by Casio
this watch is very clear face easy to read ,easy to program , has all functions i could need.thanks
Good so far.Is the battery gonna last 10 years? I don't know.But I'm happy with the watch now.
Just love it. Very functional, keeps time, lots of functions and adjustable wrist strap is a plus.
My nephew loves this watch, especially the material of the band. Great price!! Doesnt look cheap :)
This watch i love it looks very expensive and for the price is even better
The watch looks great. Works well so far. Very reasonable price. Arrive on time. great job.
Nice watch, but a little bulky. Not surprising in this price range. Good value for the $$.
watch was purchased as a gift for my grandson.watch looks & runs good for what i paid for it.
if for kids, then it would be ok, but for girl friend, then u'd better looking for sth else
extremely good looking watch, and for the price well worth it!!!
Reloj demasiado bello por su precio!!! Excelente!! El envio fue rapido y seguro. Gracias Chelsea watchs, lo recomiendo 100%.
Nice watch for the price. Does not have military time though, this was the primary reason for the purchase.
I love this watch. I've owned this watch before - in black. It's a nice feminine digital watch.
My wife likes a digital face, semi dress watch. This is only place I could find one
This watch is beautiful and has a very light weight. I bought to my wife and she like it.
Face could be a little larger. Everything else is great. Just as expected.
I love this watch! I use it at work as a nurse and it is fantastic!
I did not like it at all..Feels very cheap and look like it wont last the 10 years.
Very happy with the appearance of the above watch, as well as the price.
excelente producto. Muy bueno, el envi&oacute; se realizo acorde a lo esperado.muy bueno el reloj, la marca buenaaa a
A great inexpensive watch for work -- second hand -- just what I was looking for.
Very Good Price. Delivered on time to Australia (This item was delivered 5 day before Christmas). Good timing!
this is a cute little watch.. the strap sometimes comes out.. but, overall, i liked the product..
Yes, it's true. My wife loves this simple but elegant watch, I greatly recommend it.
My daughter works outside and needs a tough watch. this one fit the bill, thanx.
Did not work upon arrival. I bought a new battery and the watch worked for about a week.
Looking at this watch, nobody will guess that it is so inexpensive A very satisfactory item
Just like it, so simple, and at the price, it can not go wrong.Would buy again, if I need...
This is a great watch, for the price. I received everything that it promised ( nothing more, nothing less).
Very Cheap. Shipping was almost same as product. Looks like an item you can purchase at any dollar store!
It is a watch, it's a watch - but feels like a toy watch. However it tells time correctly.
cover is plastic -> easily scratches -> not a good productyou get what you pay for
Bought one for my son...great looking...keeps accurate time..had to have one for me!
I bought it for my little cousin. It is beautiful. I am sure she will like it
I Love this watch! It's beautiful! I have had no problems and it arrived very speedy!
Over 1 month and still haven't received it. When things go wrong with Amazon they REALLY go wrong!
Looks great for the money paid. Appears to be good quality. Time will tell how it holds up.
This was a fantastic deal. I love this watch; the price was icing on the cake.
Size maters.I wish the add would specify the length of the band.Thanks
It filled a gap of age and fit the needs pefectly. I can do no wrong!
Good buy. I did not see it because I sent it as a gift directly to a customer.
I had received a man's watch, perhaps my error. Return and reorder went very smoothly. Good service !
Very simple watch, looks okay and very cheap too.. Not bad at all for the price.
This is a great watch. You don't have to worry about a dead battery!! Anad easy to program
Not much to say about this watch, it is a great little watch and at a great price.
The watch arrived timely and in very good shape. It looks great and works well.
Hard to read. Electro-luminescent with afterglow barely lights up. Cheap feel to watch. I ended up returning.
This watch is everything one looks for. The design is unique and appealing and it keeps perfect time.
This watch is a great buy. It looks and feels great. Great watch for a low price
Bought this on amazon - product is authentic - and I hope will not require service/maintenance. Love the watch!
Perfect ... Style, design and function that rivals Rolex for pennies on the dollar !!!
Watch lives up to the Seiko name expectation if not exceeds it. Top notch quality and craftsmanship.
For the Potter enthusiast this is a great gift. Well made and packaged PLUS the price was right.
Great Watch! Came in a unique box and my daughter loved it for Christmas! Thank you!
Service was very speedy and the watch was just what I expected. Would definitely order from seller again
Top quality. Timely delivered.A must have for those with self-winding watches.
I bought this watch for my wife and it was cheap and good quality, very recomended.
I would definately buy from this supplier again! wonderful watch, i'm very happy with my purchase.
I got this for my best friend for Christmas and she abolutely LOVES IT!!! It is beautiful!!
I loved this watch. I feel I got good value for my money. Will recommend it to others.
Perfect size and style. Couldn't find the longer bands in anyretail store. Leather is nice and soft too.
The watch is a wonderful classic design, easy to read, and keeps great time. Recommended.
the face of this wacth is huge i repeat bigger than my wirst
I received the wrong order, I order the diver Black face T25 RBBR nylon.\I'm not happy.
My husband loves it. very stylish, great looking, sleek, dont stick out at all! Great price too.
My husband loves it. very stylish, great looking, sleek, dont stick out at all! Great price too.
I bought these batteries and within one month both had quit working. Would not purchase again.
Goodlooking, sporty automatic. Night-time illumination a bit disappointing, but otherwise awesome.
I love this watch! It's accurate and very attractive. It looks and feels substantial - nothing flimsy about it.
The watch is stylish to wear with most anything and sturdy enough to meet my demanding lifestyle.
Bought this for my daughter. She loved it. The band is easy to adjust. Just follow the instructions
I bought this for my wife. She loves it.It was packaged very nicely for gift giving.
Half the price I would have paid in the store. No tax and No shipping.
great watch, great price, great delivery service, couldn,t be more satisfied.
Buying from Amazon at such a low price definitley makes this swiss watch value for money
I ordered this watch for my husband and he loves it!!!!!!!!!
it a v. nice watch but it had been dicounted after i have purshased it
This was a Christmas present to my husband. He is thrilled with the watch. It is beautiful.
I am happy with my purchase. It is a nice watch and was delivered before I expected it
I bought this watch as a gift. It is a beautiful watch! And what a fantastic price! Thanks
The watch was exactly what I was looking for. Nice quality at an affordable price.
It is a very good watch and fast shipping. Surely I would buy thing at this dealer again.
Lovely watch, very popular with recipient. Came "early" and everything was as described or better.
Really a lovely watch -- gave it as a gift to someone who was really thrilled with it.
I did not like the watch, I returned it. Did not feel it was worth the price.
Tissot Men's Desire watch #T52148131 Nice watch. Sleek profile with thin s/s bracelet - looks awesome.
Very good and prompt service provided. Watch received within acceptable shipping timeframe. Watch is functional and looks good.
The blue dial is magnificent and gold band compliments the watch nicely. This is my favorite timepiece. Thanks, Invicta!
Very nice watch for a little over $100.00. Some of my co-workers even confused it for a Rolex.
Great watch, very pleased with quick delivery and sturdiness. Needs to be worn/shaken everyday though to keep time.
It is what he wanted and you provided it for him Thanks I made points as a good Grandmother.
muy buen producto y con excelente calidad fue lo que se me ofrecido y llego a tiempo acordado.
As advertised. Prompt delivery. We always have had good luck with Amazon after many purchases. No complaints.
It sure is a cute little watch for the money...however, it is on the heavy side.
Needed a watch for work.Display is easy to read for quick date and time. Enjoy it alot!
this watch was purchased as a gift ,and was chosen as i thought it has class and very understated
I misplaced my watched. :( If it doesn't turn up soon, I will buy another just like it.
Great watch, fantastic that you can adjust the watch so easily, looks great with jeans!!
The watch was purchased as a gift and the recipient was happy with the watch.
A present for my wife, who loves it. This watch matches her style perfectly.
I just purchased this beautiful item as a gift,and the look its just fascinated, excellent.
wanted a nice watch with an expensive look at a reasonible price...this watch more than met my expectations...outstanding value!!!
This is a very attractive watch...classy, elegent, tastefully simple. Just got mine today, its much nicer than I imagined.
I selected this watch after reading all the reviews and I wasn't steered wrong.
A very nice shaped watch with great metal strap and very nice price.
Sporty, heavy duty and still in good condition, have had it for 3yrs now and still going strong.
Very good-looking, very functional watch. I looked long and hard for the perfect watch...I found it.
watch is very nice and I am happy to wear it every day.The value is unmatched at Amazon.com
Beautiful watch! So happy it's 500.00 less than the price in Bloomingdales! So worth the price!
I think I like this better than the more expensive, yellow pulsar.exccellent price for great watch
This is a nice watch. Everybody seems to like it. I am very happy with it.
This watch was much smaller than i thought it would be, and has a "cheap look".
I liked my first Pulsar so much that I bought the exact same one again 21 years later.
Nice Looking Sports Watch. I wear it as a dress watch as well.
a bit pricey but does keep good time and dates.buy if a ladies time and date watch is required
This item was purchased as a gift and person was very pleased with it !!
This is a great watch for the money. Stylish,handsome looking ,well made. I like it a lot.
Very good watch. Just what I was looking. Perfect size, perfect weight.Perfect Cost.No doubt, I recommend.
Not a very accurate time piece. Loses about 5 min a week. It does look nice.
I just got this one for my son and he is VERY happy. Good value.
VERY NICE DRESS WATCH. NICE PACKAGE . i LOVE THE COLOUR (ROSE GOLD) COMBINED WITH A DARK BROWN.
Very satisfied with the item, the wrapping and the quick delivery.Thanks!Truls Lie
This tank watch is the perfect size. Not too small. Love the black face.
if you need a new strap for your watches consider seriusly this brand, all with good cuality!
If you are looking for a good watch band for the money, this one has held up nicely.
nice watch, solid, great finished. A little heavy. Digi watch is not linked to analog watch.
Different, unususal band, not sure if I would have purchased if I saw it in a store though.
This watch is just beautiful. Very classy looking. My husband receive a lot of compliments!
This watch is very thin and very light. It also goes with all of my outfits. Great watch.
We returned it since we could not set the day or date. Not very good quality.
Ask me one year from now.... If it's still ticking,great.... What do ya want from a $30.00 Watch ?
My wife says that this is an "old man's" watch, but I like it. It's simple and fuctional.
The Timex watch lives up to the information on the web site. For the money it can't be beat.
East to read, stylish, and Ha! It's so easy to afford it makes it's own fashion statement!
This watch is sporty yet to ne kinda classy. Was at a excellent price and it works fine.
Looks cool but screw keeps coming out and then you loose half the clip. Needs better enginering
Well-made and does what it is supposed to do the way it is supposed to do it.
This is a great looking watch with Indiglo. It looks nice AND I can see it in the dark!
This watch fits my small wrist perfectly -- no adjustments had to be made.
This watch keeps perfect time and looks great. The price makes it an excellent value.
This is a great watch. It runs great and is a very nice looking watch.
Its machinery might be very good but loko wise I didn't find it worth the money...
I GOT EVEN THE REPLACEMENT BUT EVEN THAT DOES NOT WORKI HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE REFUND SOFAR.WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED
Fast delivery and Good Watch for cheap price. I recommend others to buy this product.
It is really thin and very good looking one. The only thing that is missing is the date.
it tells time, it looks pretty. pretty much what watches do, after all . . .
I received the watch sooner than expected. It looked just like it did online, and I love the watch.
I am completely satisfied with the watch. Very nice and affordable.
My husband loved this watch except the band runs a little small for a tall man's wrist.
I bought this watch thinking it was a woman's watch, it is not so I returned it.
I wore the watch for maybe a week and it turned my wrist green
no wonder it has six replacements because it sucks.and the plastic parts suck too... I really hate this tool
This product works well. No extras, and you'll also need a pair of pliers, but it serves the purpose.
Just a cheap piece of plasticArrived broken. Whorthless.A waste of $8.00Don't waste your money.what a joke.
I had one before and just loved it but I lost it and got another one.
Great watch for the price. Good enough to wear as a dress up watch.
This is an excellent watch and very easy to set. I bought it for the interval feature.
Simple watch for a runner. Good design, easy to use, nice display, great value. I am happy with it.Thanks!
a handsome and durable sport watch with all the necessary features for any level of sportsmen.
Great, simple watch for your basic timing needs. Easy "split" button. Looks good too.
This Timex ladies watch is stylish of good quality and perfect forevery occasion,
This is a very nice everyday timepiece and as a Timex it will last forever!
I have vision problems. But I have no trouble reading the time with this watch
Pro's: Simple, classic lookBig face size (not too big not too small)CheapCon's: Lightweight. . . . .
purchased for senior person. They love it and can see the watch face without their glasses.
Great watch! The price was amazing and the watch looks great.Fast shipping too.
I don't like watch but this watch is very beautiful ^^I'm always this watch.thank you for sale ^^
About everyother day the second hand sticks to the minute hand and stops the watch.
This watch always is an attention grabber! Sleek and like no other watch out there.
Comfortable fit. Wore in the ocean and pool and worked great
Bought as a gift for my running daughter. Directions are challenging and she's not thrilled with the color...
Bought this as a mother days gift, last I heard it was still going and looked fine.
Nice watch for the price. But had to take the watch in to have the band shorten
this is a classic. comfortable, wear with anything timeless watch. A must have for everyday wear. good, quality product.
The wife has a hard time with watches and this one has made her very happy.
I really like this watch. Looks nice and has all the features I wanted!
Very nice watch, well made, water proof can wear it anywhere any time.Love my watch Thank you Amazon.
This watch looks like a nice dress watch, durable and will probably last a long time
It does precisely what it is supposed to do and will last for years
Very well constructed watch. Recommended for anyone in the military or who enjoys outdoor activities.
Does what it says and does it well. I have never like their bands. Very hard to get off.
This watch is an excellent value. It really looks like an expensive time piece.
Bought this as a Christmas gift. Brother in law loved it and wears it everywhere.
great product and excellent service from amazon.. i'm thinking of buying another one.... thank you amazon.
I very much like the design and bezel background.So far it has been accurate.
I love the style, function and the compliments I get when I wear this watch!
The Pictures are misleading. The watch actually is really small and the animation feature super tacky.
Very light - works great - have to get another!Only con is date is not easily read or set.
I will definitely recommend this product for a work watch. When mine eventually breaks, I will buy another.
The watch keeps time accurately and is lightweight but I'm having some trouble with the date advancing properly.
This watch did not keep time correctly from the minute I got it. I returned it.
This is a very nice watch at a very good price. 5 star product as far as I.m concerned.
The watch is pretty cool looking. I like the green face and red sweep hand.
Easy to read, simple to operate. The band might need replacement before the watch. I'd buy these again.
Excellent watch, excellent seller.Timex Men's Camper Expedition Classic Analog Watch #T43892
I like the Indiglo ligth, it glow ligth a car dashboad meters at nigth.
The watch is a good watch. I wish it was a little larger.
This is a great watch for the money. Timex quality, nice styling, and very durable.
Great watch. Lots of visibility and accuracy. Comfortable to wear all day.Looks great too.
This is a great watch at this price point. This my second onethat i have purchased.
This watch by far is the best watch I have for the price I paid.
Wrong wrist size for this watch.Maybe the watch was just fine.
Arrived very quickly in excellent condition. Item was exactly as it appeared on line.
I have owned 3 of these over time and each was a great watch.I unfortunately tend to lose them.
This watch is inexpensive, looks very presentable, and has a very easy to use alarm setting procedure.
Amazon shipped wrong color casing watch in this style...sent black casing instead of brushed steel.....sent back...still awaiting reimbursement..
great watch, except;problems: can not read date unless you are a magician, too small
I love this watch. I love being able to see the time regardless of lighting or weather conditions.
Comfortable and medium sized for men's wrists. As advertised, quick shipping, and a good value.
like it, nice all around, good size numbers on face, size of date window too small.
A great watch with a nice big face that is easy to read and I Love the Indiglow!
So glad to find this watch. It's beautiful and works perfectly. Amazon really comes through. Many thanks.
Every time u feel like changing the strap, be ready to spend $5 with any watch shop.Otherwise good product.
I was very pleased with the watch, the size, color and having two extra bands made it even better.
The Battery of the watch was DOA, and I will replace battery
i like the case in stainless steelvery nice clock for less price
1 week after I got the watch it stopped working =(
Love my new watch! Just need to have some links removed, as it is a little big!Arrived just fine!
This is a perfect choice for anyone looking an small elegant women's gold tone watch.
This clock is great. The bad thing is that the hour and minute needles don't light in the dark.
is a nice clock,some people tall to me about the clock,the people say"is nice the clock"
greetings exelente product and magnifies attention from the store thanks kindly domenico pascarella
My Wife was very pleased with the watch.Very good quality. Would reccomend to future buyers.
Excellent watch! A true man's watch - clean lines, slightly heavy and a classic look.
Very well made watch however note the colour before purchase. Mine came as a darker colour.
Took only a few minutes to charge watch to "H". Module 3318.See watch manual [...]
THis watch is just awesome! It's heavy weight makes you proud to wear it. I would purchase it again!
I am a bit of a watch lover.love the look and is a great watch especially for the price
Although amazon told me that it would take 23 days, it was in Europe within 5 days. Really super
boyfriend went absolutely nuts over this watch. shipped quickly and in great condition. will purchase from vendor again.
i love the item so so so muchit is a great whtich for gift , i love it alot
Carriage watches by Timex are best suited for people who want quality at a good price.
This product i got from amazon.com was great. The shipping was fast the price was wounderful.
I tried to find this in a brick and mortar store and was told that it has been discontinued.....
Quick dispatch, good craftsmanship and nice materials made this the perfect gift for someone who enjoys it every day.
Has been 3 months since I got the watch and works perfectly fine.
i think is a really good product for a low price
It stopped working within a month. The battery is good, according to my jeweler. Aargh!
My wife loves this watch. It was just what she was looking for. It came promptly and runs great.
It looks good, the nigth ligth is beautiful. I'm very happy with my watch.
I love the indiglo light, the date, and second hand-- it's great quality for the price
it looks very good, quick delivery, responsible seller,. Wacth looks much more expensive works perfectly. Will do business again.
I JUST GOT THE WATCH..LOVE IT! REALLY BIG FOR MY WRIST, JEWELER SIZED THE BAND..PERFECT..
It's just what I was looking for and a watch one can wear with anything
Size too big. I will take it somewhere to get aome links removed. Very pretty.
the look is great but a little bit small, is a great present for any occasion and everyday use
THIS ITEM IS AMAZING, MY BOYFRIEND LOVE IT, BUT IT CAME WITH MANY SCRATCHES ON THE BRACELET.
Very nice watch. Accurately described in ad, very shiny and elegant.
pecfect price, perfect product. I only have a few days used the wacht but I feel ok with here.
It's a nice Watch. Very comfortable. Looks very nice on my hand. Everyone says that it's nice looking Watch.
he loved the watch! it arrived quickly and was just what he wanted. thanks so much!
This is a beautiful watch. I was very happy and the item and it was delivered quickly. Thankyou!
watch s good. finishing is ok. but its width is very less. smaller than ur small finger.
I have several Bulovas. This is my favorite. Gets lots of compliments. Looks like a $1000.00 watch!!
i never take it off! pink is my favorite color and the silver matches all of my tiffany jewelry
Thank you so much for the wonderful shopping experience. Everything was just as advertised and received very quickly
It's a beautiful watch! My husband loves it. It looks even better in person.
handsome looking watch, pretty accurate and for the price it's a good dealfor an everyday watch.
Great watch for price. The light comes in handy at night to view the time.
I love it. I bought it to my father---new and good quality
I bought this watch for my friend for a Christmas present and she love it. It's a beautiful watch.
I love my new watch. I had another Fossil and it disappeared so this was a replacement.
The watch is really good and i got this for a very good deal.
I've purchased this watch a month ago and although it's nice the battery died already. Very dissapointed...
``````````````````````````````looks good-dial a little hard to read. smaller than shown on day of the week.you require too many words
Good product, looks good, but have problems with the date being correct. Also some instructions could be better.
Can't beat a Timex and the pink band and pink light up face are the greatest.
I have never gotten as much attention for anything I wear as this watch. It is great.
I love this watch. It's smaller and the band stays around my wrist unlike my previous atomic watch.
Have had this watch for a little over a month. Love it, no complaints.
Watch works great, however watch band broke after 3 months and you cannot replace band.
The watch is so cute, my girlfriend & i love it!Thank you Amazon for selling this with on-time shipping!
Bought with not much of expectation. The watch really is good. Does what it is supposed to do.
It completely serves its purpose and all functions work well. I also really like the look.
Timex Ironman has been my kind of watch for long time now. Great watch to wear anytime.
watch is not what I need for my jogging/running progrm.Ben Butler
I HAVE ONLY USED THIS WATCH FOR 2 WEEKS BUT HAVE BEEN EXTREMELY PLEASED.
This watch works great, using the functions is very intuitive. Looks great, the display is well designed.
I really like the 5 separate alarms. It has large numbers for us old folks.
Received this promptly and it was exactly what I've been looking for: a digital watch with a timer!
I have been looking for the perfect watch and I have found it. You can't beat it.
This watch is exactly what I wanted, great price, large numbers displayed alot of features
Great watch...bigger numbers and easier to see. has all the features!
I had an old Ironman that died after 4 years. This one is even better.dK
All the functions i need but loses about 1 second every 3 days from atomic time. no biggie.
This is a great watch! Large easy-to-read face. Mutiple timers and alarms. Definitely worth it.
Its what I want, it is what I got what else can you ask for? End of story.
Great watch - only negative is a stiff band and low night light. It is easy to use!
The watch works well, is easy to read, and easy to use during a triathlon.
Great watch, large easy to read numbers, durable.2nd watch, lost 1st on vacation, didn't hesitate to buy again.
So far so good. Came on time, considering I am in Iraq. Works great, no problems.
REALLY LIKE THIS WATCH. SIMPLE TO USE EASY TO READ OBVIOUS QUALITY
Couldn't find this watch locally - was replacing the exact same one. Received timely and am very pleased.
This is the second watch of this kind I have owned and like it very much.
Better pricing at Amazon than through my training program or locally. Works perfect for interval training.
easy to read, accurate and good features at a great pice. Nice work, Timex. Lovin' it.
The watch band was too small for my wrist. I returned the item. No other problems.
great watch for the price, a little bit out of season but it was worth it.
El reloj cumplio las expectativas de mi hija! Enviado en buen tiempo y bien protegido!!
New product that was purchased well below the market value. Please with service, price and product.
This was a gift to our daughter and she loves it. I would give it a five star.
A superbly designed watch, easy to use and understand. Combines practicity with a very stilish design.
I have always been a Citizen but this surpasses any watch I have ever seen.
Excellent watch, I will buy another if needed.One of the best watches I have ever owned.
Yes it is a great watch with all its features,but it is slightly thick too.
I bought this watch to keep my golf score and it works perfect.
Product delivered before the latest day. No problems at all.The product is as advertised, beautiful and reliable.
You'd think that with such an expensive watch, the manufacturer would spring for some numbers on the dial.
Great prompt service; very nice item at a great price. Overall, very pleased.
I broke my first watch and found a replacement on Amazon, and got a low price and fast delivery....Thanks
My wife loved this watch, but you have to get some links removed other then that it's just great.
Product came in excellent condition. I was very pleased with watch. Excellent choice.
Watch is as advertised. A very nice looking watch and arrived quickly. Fantastic price. Thanks
Very happy with the quality and the service - ggod value and quick delivery to Brisbane Australia.
It was everything I wanted! Everything was packed well and the watch works fine!
For the price this is an attractive watch that looks more expensive than it is. Keeps perfect time.
pleased with this purchase. Surprised how nice the watch actually looks.
i was apprehensive of buying online but this purchase has been really a good value of the money spent
I really liked alot..it was a present to my fiance and he liked it very much..thnx
My grand-daughter was very happy with her Swatch. I was pleased with the speedy delivery during the Christmas season.
There's not much to say about my purchase other than I got what I paid for.
I have been wearing this watch for last 6 months no complaints. Loved the Adjust-o-matic bracelet. Great buy.
Reloj de muy buena calidad a un buen precio, con una excelente presentaci&oacute;n.
Birthday present for my wife. She loves it and it keeps very accurate time. Recommended
I bought this as a reward for myself, I love it, and get compliments on it all the time!
the watch is nice and it came so quickly, si i have to admitt the service is perfect
Attractive piece of jewelry. Comfortable to wear. Longer band makes fastening easier and looks good.
This is a very simple and basic watch. Looks nice and feels nice. Leather strap.
This is a really attractive watch and came beautifully packaged. The price was really outstanding
This watch was a gift for someone else, but they thought the watch was really nice, quality good.
Awsome watch. Its not too heavy, and very good looking. I will definitely recommend it.
This is probably the best watch i ever bought. I am glad i bought this. Very happy with it.
Good deal, excellent watch, I hope I can buy this one agin for my friend.
Calendar meters are a little small to read. Other features are ok. Time is pretty accurate.
As expected Invicta watches are stylish and keep great time. This is a very nice watch and works great.
the watch is worth the price... very good deal! with free bag... who can beat that!!!! highly recommeded.
The watch was good looking but too heavy and the date dials were impossible to read. Watch was returned.
The watch came with one hand missing. No item replacement available. I returned and still waiting for the refund.
You can buy the same watch for $200 elsewhere on the internet. This place is charging too much.
Truly a very beautiful watch, but was shipped in a non-functioning condition.
This watch is very good, I will definitely buy more in the future.
I am very pleased with this watch. The style is simple, classic.A great watch for any occasion!
Saw the exact same watch in several jewelry case around town for $125 more. Very satisfied with my purchase!
This is an absolutely stunning everyday watch. Beautiful (easily readable) face. Always receiving compliments.
Nice watch at a way better price than at the jewelers at the mall or anywhere. Wife loves it.
This 'bargain' purchase at $49.95 is an excellent value! Need I say more?
belle qualit&eacute; de montre pour le prix pay&eacute;d&eacute;lai de livraison plus que raisonable.commanderais sans h&eacute;siter si j'ai d'autre besion
it is a good looking watch, however, the battery die two weeks after I bought it.
The watch works well, however the battery has started to die after only 3-4 months of operation.
very satisfied with product. The instructions were clear and concise and very easy to follow,
Watch was beat up, impossible to adjust the wristband, and even harder to arrange a return. Never again.
I have had this watch for awhile and really like it. get lots of compliments
Muy bonito reloj :DEl precio es muy bueno para la marcaestoy muy agusto con el
Its very Good Watch bit it looks like bigger then it in real so enjoy
nice second or third watch. for the price you cant do better. a bit dressy, a bit casual.
We received the watch in 3 days !!! Very happy with time and product.
Works great! I was able to fix my Mont Blanc watch and save a ton.
The watch is really to small for a man. It is more of a kid's size watch.
Great watch at a great price. I love the multiple alarms that can be set.
It tells the time, and looks okay.But the face seems plastic and scratched way too easily.Would not buy again.
this was exactly what my husband wanted. Very please with purchase. We always find what we want at Amazon!
I received my watch promptly and, like all previous Lorus watches, it is wonderful.
nice one,bought it as a gift for a relative..Satisfied with the purchase, worth the money.
Watch did not function properly upon arrival, choose another INVICTA Pro diver watch before this one.J
Excellent price, Myota movement and look like a rolex Submarine... AwesomeIn the back u can see the automatic movement...
Great watch, I wear it everyday. Keeps time very well, no problems at all.
I love this watch. It looks and (more importantly) feels like a much more expensive watch. Great purchase.
I liked the watch but it was too thick and heavy for my use. So i returned it.
Quick service and delivery, happy with my order, price reasonable compared to other merchants.
The wrench worked well and the price was great. The box it came in needed to be re-glued.
Love the watch...keeps me from wandering in the wrong direction. Big time numbers easy to read without my glasses.
Face of watch appeared much larger than the photo online. otherwise, worked fine.
Nice looking watch, and I'm looking for my nephew a good, sturdy watch.
This is a beautiful watch that can work in either a casual or dressy setting.
How can one review a Christmas present?I wouldn't have bought it if I didn't think it deserved 5 stars!!!
Works fine no problems----To many option---i like the armltron watch which has a glow like face---Worth the priceWell satisfies
Great watch especially for a runner. Gave this to my husband for his birthday...he loves it!
arrived in a timely manner. Received as advertized. completely satisfied. My husband loved this watch.
Great product at a reasonable price! Good for men's dresser to organize (less clutter) with a traditional style.
Got this as a gift.Very elegant and looks great and very practical as well.Money well spent.
This whathes is amazing a litte big but is no problem, is a great whatches.thanks a lotfine regards
great deal!But Nobody tells me that in the price of the sendings doesn't include the borders taxs
The service was great and the watch was very nice. Thanks for being so promptTim
A friend and I bought this item as a birthday gift. The recipient LOVED it!!
It was my christmas present. It was received in good condition and I am thrilled with it.Thanks
My daughter is a pink freak. She loved this watch for Christmas. It works great.
Very nice looking and great functioning watch. Very Happy with it. Picture doesn't do it justice.
My watch is great, I really like it, the only thing that I would change is its leather band.
don't buy this watch. it stopped working with first 20 days :( ..along with that...its too bulky...
I received this for my anniversary and I love it. It is very nice and works awesome!
This watch chain is a very sturdy one which can hold anything you attach it to.
Stylish but not ostentatious. Complements business or casual attire. A nice addition to my collection.
Nice watch, works well it is practical. I am a little disappointed on the appearance. It looks cheap.
I have gotten so many complament from this watch, even from none harry potter fans .... its wonderful
Just like the photo. Seems like good quality. Came in a nice box.
This is a great watch,love it. Best for the Harry Potter's fan.
Bought this at Macy's today, and it's one of the most beautiful affordable and contemporary watches I've seen!
iI have Seiko kinetic and -Staihausen automatic. Winder did not work with my watches. Just wasted time and dollars.
I'm very happy with my watch.....I'm going to buy another in the next 3 monthsBest RegardsJose
I got this 2 weeks back. Looks much better than picture.Excellent watch at this price.
Pros:STAINLESS STEELSTRONG AND HEAVY WEIGHT CLOCKBEAUTIFUL DESIGNEXCELLENT QUALITYCons:LACK OF "DAY" PREVIEW....
My experience with Amazon.com was excellent. The product is great and the seller was very courteous.
Iam waiting for whtch, date of delivery is 24 december, today is 29 iam waiting
Excellent quality with cool indiglo lighting for night use! Love this watch at a terrific price!
Just as I wanted a nice investment in choices the waych glows ,extra nice dial !The band works out.
This is exactly the watch that I needed and wanted. Delivery was quick and product in perfect condition.
I have one and bought one for my son. Great watch! We love them.
I wear this watch for work. I dont even try to avoid banging it ect...still works and looks new.
very pleased with this watch . i recommend it to everyoneTimex Expedition Metal Field - silver - brown
Very easy to wear and very functional. Has a lot of nice features (stopwatch, timer, alarms, etc).
Nice to have a feminine sports watch with all and more features than my old Ironman.
Has a lot of gadgets! Works fantastically! I love it! Highly rocommended!
I wear my watch during workouts...it's comfortable, not at all bulky. Great product, great watch!
I love it. It is light weight, sleek looking , comfortable and has great features!
this watch is perfect for me. It is just the right size, the wrist band is great.
I love the features and slender case of this watch. It is just what I needed.
No email addresses, no phone numbers, no resolution from Amazon. Forwarded to my c/c company to recoup payment.
I love my Timex ironman triathlon! It's such a cool, functional watch. It's light-weight, comfortable and easy to use.
I gave this watch to my boyfriend for his birthday, He loved it! Great watch at a fair price.
THIS WAS THE PERECT GIFT FOR MY NEPHEW HE LOVED IT FAST SHIPPING NICE PACKAGE
A gift for my grandson He loves this watch and it looks good on him.
Nice product and quick shipping! NICE JOB all the around! Made Christmas easy for me!
Love it!!!!! Just the right size for traveling. Also great for young girls, daughter loves it too!!!!
If the selling price could be down to $1350,I will take it right now or I,ll keep waiting.
My brother told me my niece absolutely loves her watch. Amazon delivered quickly. I would buy again.
Just what I wanted. Designated retail outlet (Target) did not have color selections. Arrived on time.
It was delivered as promised and I love the color and thestyle of this watch.
My granddaughter, who is a collegiate runner, loves this watch. It's a great help with her prescribed summer workouts.
Arrived as described, on time - not yet opened as it is a Christmas present.
Excellent watch and service and shipping was great.I would not hesitate to buy again..
Came with an empty battery, is a little smaller in size, the leather strap looks very well.
For the price, it can not be beat. Easy to program. Easy to read (day or night)
Could someone please tell me how to set the time and day of the week please?
Good watch for a firts one!!!!!! simple to handled and very easy to use...thanks a lot!!!
Received in good condition and prompt. Will transac in future again.
Very happy with my purchase - easy to use and was a good price.
Watch is great, Has all the options I need in a heart monitor.
My wife is very pleased with her new watch. She likes how it looks and it keeps excellant time.
Delighted with the quick delivery and with the watch. It's exactly the watch I was looking for.
This watch is beautiful and keeps perfect time. I am enjoying wearing it and recommend this item.
Great watch, very good looks and great quality.The best part was the deal on Amazon. com.
perfect everyday watch. Good quality Seiko, very comfortable, received it quickly and in perfect condition.
The watch arrived quickly and was in excellent condition. No Complaints.
Beatiful watch, one of my favorites now. It's well made and looks great with anything you wear.
This Movado Luna steel watch is heavy weight but very elegant. It is attractive and was a great value.
Watch was exactly what I thought it would be. Fast shipping and an excellent watch - highly recommended.
What more can you ask of a watch band? It doesn't crack and seems to be lasting really nicely
I gave it to my wife as a present of our married aniversary and she loved it.
Great watch although the buttons require a good deal of pressure. I bought mine at campmor.com for 10 bucks...
excelent choice for this luxury watch, box and details beautiful for halfthe price at least
Watch has a great look. Keeps time and has a very good deployment clasp.Price was very good
It was just not what I wanted. The face is TINY and its too small for a toddler.
The watch is pretty good and works well. But it's a little larger than I expected.
This item came beautifully boxed in the Movado tradition. I am constantly recieving compliments on the watch.
My wife wears it every day and its a great watch. The price was just right.
Nice looking, elegant and most important - scratch proof!However, the band is not adjustable for size.
Great looking and keeps accurate time. Comfortable to wear and has a 5 year warranty. Love this watch!
Great item and great fast transaction. it was exactly what i wanted and i haven't taken it off since
the watch is funny, sport, strong and light. the materials are good and fully color.
A great value. A dependable, stylish watch worth every penny. I consider it a bargain.
This Item is excellent! The color and contrast are beautiful. It perfectly fits those big man watches. Nice present!
Great watch for the money that I paid Amazon. It was a great bargain!!
Watch was recieved as described and shipped as promised. Very pleased with purchase.
My watch Is a great deal for the price, it looks antiquated to boot.
This is an outstanding purchase at a great price and quick service and deliverythanks amazon
Es un reloj muy bonito, y muy resistente, me parece que por el precio esta muy bien.
Great watch! I like it because it's unique/left handed. I reccomend it to all LEFTIES!
muy bune producto reloj de calidad .. buenos detalles y excelnte material......zxc,smdfbwekfb,wen bvb.k hb.kjwhtwjh,flwenf,.mwne.,fmnw.effkwebfwjebkfbwjkfw,fnlwjhfljwenfgwkjfbwlkefkwjbfkw
There's no words to explain... I love that!!! The purchase and shipping was fast & easy. 100%
Great product, it's a real classic. Recommended for everyone. It can be used with everything and any ocassion
Original design, perfect Ray-Ban product.Go to any local glasses dealer for a custom fit.Thanks....
This watch is really beautifull,the pic amazon hasdoesn't do it justice.People stare at it wherever I go.
Its design is pretty cool. Also it is made of high quality material.
this is a very good watch.. it worth for the money... the appearence is good...light weight... overall good product...
I'm very happy with this watch. It is impressive looking, and I love the way it fits. Highly recommended!!
The product is really good. The combination of black dial with matt finish golden case is amazing.
Excellent service and a great watch. Hard to find a better automatic watch for the price.
went swimming-it let in water and the lens clouded, also stopped workingwill try again
This is a solid watch! It looks great. The color is beautiful. You'll be really impressed with it.
quality and accuracy coupled with a great price.This is a big watch -----
I TRUST AMAZON. BEST DEALS AND GET THE JOB DONE. SIMPLE AND TO THE POINT LIKEAMAZON.THANKS,G. DUFFY
This is an excellent watch - top quality and at really great price.
A very nice watch, I am glad I bought mine from Amazon. Fast shipping too.
Why not buy from Amazon, its much cheaper, and they have their own warranty. 100% satisfied!
The watch did not work when I received it, I had it fixed locally. Now it works just fine
GREAT PRODUCT AT A GREAT PRICE TOO! SHIPPING WAS PROMPT A PLEASANT ALL ROUND EXPERIENCE.
The watch is great. My wife loves it. It was a pleasure working with Amazon.com
Great elegant watch with rhinestones, also great as a bracelet. I am satisfied and I do recommend!
I've given this watch to my wife!!!! She is happy, and has told which this watch is fantastic.
This watch is simply beautiful. It fits well and looks wonderful on the wrist. A very quality product.
My daughter is so happy with her new watch, very elegant, that's what she said when she got it.
I really love this watch...it's an eye catcher. My friends also like it, it has nice design...very stylish!
VERY GOOD. Value to the Money. Perpetual Calendar makes your life easy.
Worried about buying high end item via internet. Product and delivery were a-1. Pricing was best anywhere!
This watch stopped working after 8 months and my complaint to amazon did not ellicit a response.
Substantial! It's just beautiful! Easily readable for these tired old eyes as well. Oh yeah' it's beautiful!!!
I have two orange face/black face both get lots of compliments...
Amazingly beautiful watch. Very well Packed and in pristine conditions.I am very happy.
Can someone buy me this watch please contact me for mailing address--thank you
If you want a watch thats bullet proof, water proof(660FT), and makes a statement, then a Corduva is it!
It's a good watch, but if you're going to buy an automatic watch, don't forget the winder.
THIS IS MY THIRD INVICTA PRO DIVER ABYSS AUT. AND I LOVE ALL OF THEM!!!!
Excellent watch the only withdraw is that no retailer sells the replacement bands for these watches.
Item came on the time we were told. Good quality as normal guess sells products.
Great watch. Looks well with many shirts without looking like some childish bling bling.
Great watch! Easy to read hands with great magnified window for date! Well made, heavy, solid.
Nice watch. very simple. Hands are very luminous. Like the magnified date window.
big watch but is impressive and atracting item.... i am very happy with my new watch... :)
The watch does tell time but the light up feature in the dark quit after one week
I decided to buy this watch after my old one became waterlogged. This one is great underwater.
Bought this watch as a holiday gift. It's more beautiful than the picture can detail. Great for everyday wear.
this watch is heavy,but good looking and keeps time well.polishing is perfect,and band has plenty of length!
Hi all,I love it, fantastic as the photos. I have no words.BUY IT ! ! !Regards,Danilo
This watch is great, it looks great, works great and fits great. shipping was fast too.
This watch is just what I needed. Nothing fancy, just a basic digital watch and it works fine!
I needed a basic watch for time and running and this fits both well.
My husband loved it, great watch for a great price. Does everything he wanted.
El producto nes bueno, representa y tiene buen precio. Me llego en corto tiempo, fue excelente la entrega. Gracias
Was told several times it looked like a rolex.Qualitative product, works very well.Purchased from France, received very fast.
the watch works great and looks great only problem is it runs fast about 30 seconds a day
i don`t like it, because i was waitting Japanese automatic watch.But i reseved chiness wach.It is the client's deception
The watch is beautiful. It was a gift for my husband and he loved it.
it's not my first invicta watch, very good watch in general,i rated 3* because this one arrived damaged/not new
Everything simply PERFECT!! The watch is great and the delivery was quick and cheap! Thanks!
The watch is exelent and By purchasing it through amazon I saved money ..Cant beet that.
Very nice looking watch that keeps great time.Save money over the high price rolex that keeps ok time
Bought this as a graduation gift for my son. He loves it. Very nice watch.
I constantly receive comments on this watch. It looks great with professional and casual clothes. I am fully satisfied.
Excellent value in an inexpensive sports watch. All the features you need in a lightweight, comfortable package.
Nice looking and work well.The weight is balanced well.Can beat the price.Works and as good as my tag watches.
I would highly recommend this watch.very unique and a superb value!!I really enjoy invicta watches.
Bought this for my wife 3 years ago. Looks good and works very well.
The watch was received quickly and looks just like the photo.It works perfectly and is comfortable to wear.
Really nice everyday casual watch,it goes cool with jeans the rhinestones makes it look girly n'cute.
This is a wonderful watch and is very well made but best of all this watch is very affordable.
It's a very nice watch. The watch seems to be very functional and durable.
Got it last week. All functions work well thus far. Atomic time signal well received.
Is a excellent watch and beautiful but you have in your description errors when is it automatic or battery
This is what I needed to revive my 10 year old Seiko Kinetic watch. (I really liked this watch)
I already have a 1440, this one is for my mother, so I must be pleased with it.
When I asked for a pedometer, the answer presented by Amazon were clocks and a clock was sent.
I really love this watch i wear it everywhere you can't even tell that it's on your arm
Great watch for a great price. I wear it to work everyday and love it.
I bought this as a gift to my mother. She likes it. I like it too!
A perfect Christmas gift for one of my daughter. She is very proud with this Timex watch.
beautiful product and a beautiful present for the ladies of the house or that special person
lt wt and easily readablewith no clutter on the facetime keeping greata very clean design
$8 watch. I bought another for central time. My wife wants one now.
This is a great watch, just what I wanted. Simple yet elegant design without frills. And a great price.
beautiful and cheap, but the belt is a little not so comfortable,anyway, quite good a watch!
This watch is a simple, no-pomp, accurate time-piece. You can get fancier, but you can't get better.
I've got more compliments on this watch and it's so comfortable you don't even know its on your arm.
I was very impressed by how quickly I received my order. It was just what I wanted.
This watch was exactly as described. Delivery was fast and I enjoy the watch very much.
looks gud in picture but actually is in very small size.
Very sturdy watch. Many useful features and easy to set. I would recommend this watch to anyone.
Great looking watch. I gave it to my wife and she loved it. Great price fast delivery.
I strongly recommend this watch. It is great looking and absolutely not expensive. It's the best value-for-the-money watch ever!
worked nice and the bad thing is it does not have the date
The watch is very cool and the Amazon service was excellent.Congratulations and thanks for the quality of the service.
nice watch for the money. the glow parts on the hands and hours are useless for nightime though...
What can I say?I knew what I was getting.This is one of my most worn watches in my collection.
Prompt confirmation, very quick shipping and complete package exactly as promised. Very satisfied with both product and buying experience.
Got the watch in a timely manner and is working great. Pretty good value for what you get.
so happy w the seiko orange monster. Bold. Buying through amazon was good.
Keeps Excellent time, was received quickly.If you like diving watches with orange faces you gotta love this one
Exelente para hacer deporte, y muy comodo para utilizar, y dejar impactadas a las chicas!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is very cool watch because you can change the strap and convine with you clothes, for any ocation
I saw it and I lovedPeople like it very very much, and for me it's just beautiful a lot
The pins on the band kept popping out and the watch is not wearable
I am an adult with a metal allergy. This watch fits fine and the strap runs under the watch.
BUY THIS CLOCK FOR MY DAUGHTER TEN YEARS OLD AND IT IS VERY RESISTANT AND MODERN. VERY GOOD PURCHASE
my young son loves it , he calls it his tar heel and panther watch! we're from north carolina
Love the military time dial. I have several inexpensive Casios for everyday wear. Excellent.
I'm very pleased with this product. It works well and seems to be very-well put together.
I bought these watches for my grand kids and loved them. A great gift idea for kids.
It was a present for my 8 years old and he loved it! Great watch!
The watch is great. The only thing that could have been better is the description of the watch band.
Great watch.. everyone loves it... I gave it away and will re-purchase because I miss it so much.
I like my new watch... it's what i was looking for.Thanks!
This is a really gougeous watch. Although affordable looks like an expensive watch. Great seller.
is beatiful, good price, fast shipping and good services.... only on amazon of course!!!!
Great Watch. For the price i got it, it is a great deal. Love it! Perfect in every way...
El env&iacute;o fue r&aacute;pido y no tuve mayor inconveniente. El producto es tal como lo hab&iacute;a imaginado. Lo recomiendo.Saludos
The wrist will look a little bit dark after a few months... :(but the watch is beautifull!
Fast shipping. The watch broke after a few days, but the company refunded my money right away.
The watch I recieved does NOT work. Arrived on time, but obviously not worth it.
I bought this watch for my husband boss. It seems to be very well finished, nice and strong.
I liked the product, lead time to shipment and price.I really recommend it!Good purchase, definitely a very good product
Great Looks + Great Price! This is my third Nautica watch and the quality is very good.
This is a sturdy durable watch in good quality and at a good price.Highly recommendable.
The Nautica Watch I received from Amazon was a great addition to my watch collection. Thank you Amazon!
First time buyer for this brand. I will be back. Looks much more expensive. Positive comments from friends.
I get many complements on this watch, it looks great, is waterproof, and keeps the correct time.
Excellent excellent seller - fabulous watch - great bargain - fast delivery - A+ buying experience
Awesome price! Just as described. Beautiful face with diamonds all around. Looks great on wrist.
Item was shipped promptly and is exactly what I wanted. What a great price too.
Nice watch, but can be a little difficult to read with the light blue background.
Love my watch, shipping was super fast!!! I would buy from again!!! Thank you!!!!
It is not a expensive watch, but very nice and it worked great as a gift.
This is just what I was looking for. Has a bracelet type closure. Pretty band, Keeps good time.
Great solid watch. Adjusting the date is a little tough but not anything to worry about.
Love the Skagen Mesh Band Watch. Looks wonderful. Feels freat on.
I bought this watch for my grandaughter, she loved it. It is exactly what she wanted. Thanks!!!!
It's a very nice watch. It's a little bit difficult to understand the numbers, but it's ok.
Dear Santa,We love the watch.It is just what we wanted for Christmas.Also the tinkerbell dolls are perfect .Love it------
I liked this item , it's good, very good item.I liked this item , it's good, very good item.
my watch was as cool as I could image, it's usefull and evrerybody tell me something about it
my wife loved this watch.eco-drive works great never quits, never needs battery. prompt delivery.
Its a very Nice and cheap watch , and its so useful for technical people
Product is what I wanted, at the best price, Receipent loved it.
Gave this to my granddaughter for her birthday,she loves it, and so far its working well.
I purchased this watch as a Christmas present for my sister and she loves it!
Excelente compra, muy buena relacion calidad/Precio. Tiempo y Proceso de entrega; enteramente satisfactorio. Recomendado.Saludos.
Great worth of its value. It is good looks when weared in blue strips when compare to Red.
I love this watch, it's simple, beautiful and reversible... so I can combine with different clothes.
The watch has a very goog looking and the person a give it appreciated very much.
I was satisfied and even delighted with this item. Good packaging too. Makes a great gift.
Great watch, nice weight. Only thing is the pin tends to move out on occasion (stops the time).
a find this wacht very nice cause have a great design and looking good on my arm.
this watch is really nice..at the current price it is real vaue for money.
I already got three compliment about this watch.Looks so cool and feels rich.New look dial.Love TH stuff
Nice looking watch for its price. Wife loves it and wants a feminine version of watch.
It doesnt work properly. It keeps hanging in between. The second-hand doesn't move!I am pretty disapppointed with this order.
What do you say about an item that is precisely what you asked for?
I really like it it's an excellent watch and also a very elegant one.
Excellent watch, Im very happy of buy it. I recommend you amazon for buy online.
This watch was even more impressive in person than online. Definitely recommend!
This watch is not only attractive but simple to get on and off.
If you have slender wrists, you will love this watch.. looks great and the band fits very well.
Excelente producto, lo compr&eacute; como un regalo y estoy muy satisfecho con mi compra. Gracias
Very nice Watch for the price no compliants she just loves citzen watches way to goamazon
This is my second eco-drive watch and I love them. No worry about batteries, easy to read and attractive.
Bought this as a gift for wife's B'day ... Watch is beautiful and works fine. No complaints.
I absolutely love this watch. Works like a charm and very classic. I get more compliments on it.
This is just what our son needed and wanted as a football coach. He relys on Timex purchases.
Wife loved it. it is beautiful and works well so far.
I love the simplicity of the watch. The nylon band makes this watch very comfortable to wear.
Simple, good looking, accurate, and light-weighted.And lovely tick-tick sound, useful when you cannot sleep. Relaxes nerves.Cool!
Non-expensive, lite, and looks old fashion which I love. Great for everyday use! I love it!
I had a military Timex for years and wanted a back up. Good little watch
You can't lose here. A very stylish watch at a very affordable price point!
This watch has a very small face. It should be listed as a women's watch.
This is a good looking watch especially for the price - the watch strap is a bit short though.
bon produit, le seul defaut c'est que le boitier est en plastique et non en metal
X-Lent value...light weight, alarm, dual times, stop watch, and keeps good time. What more could you ask for?
After less than two years this watch starting emitting a high pitched squealing sound. It went in the trash.
I love this watch. It has the style I'm looking for at an affordable price.
This is a well-made, lovely mid-sized clock. The chiming tones are a nice reminder of the time of day.
as a Christmas present. She loves it and it looks great for everyday use or for going out.
The watch is cool, if you like big watch. Works great and the digital analog combination is great.
this watch is totaly unreadable and should be withdrawn from the market.
Attractive watch, comfortable, but digital display is too faint, out in daylight digital display difficult to read.
I loved the appearance of this watch. All the features it comes with are awesome.
Beautiful watch as advertised but hands were too small on the dial for my wife to read.
Good call, I have both colors (black and silver) and both of them look great.
Simply fantastic !! especially if you have a little broader wrist. I love it very much.
It's a beautiful watch, a bit on the heavier side, but I simply love it!
I really like my clock, in perfect condition and delivery was fairly quick VERY GOOD SERVICES
Price was good and my wife was very glad with gift for 10th wedding aniversary.
PLEASEI WOULD LIKE TO KNOW HOW LONG MY REFUNDWILL TAKE TO BE CREDITTHANK YOU VERY MUCHGISELLA JATAHY GONCALVES
Watch is great for the price. Looks as good as more expensive watches I have purchased.
watch was received as a gift. It was received broken and the recipient was very disappointed.
My son loves the watch. The technology used in setting the time on this watch is amazing!!
An atomic watch that doesn't know what time zone it is in!? Probably will return.
An atomic watch that doesn't know what time zone it is in!? Probably will return.
The instructions for setting up the watch are slightly confusing, but once complete the watch keeps accurate time.
This watch is awesome and at a great price! Shipped for free over night. Very impressed!
not much to say, as the watch was what i wanted and expected.
I purcased this watch about 2 months so far. It works well so far
I have always preferred Seiko watches. This watch has a black background and an adjustible watch band. Very Nice.
WAS WORRIED THE BAND WOULD BE TO BIG,USED THE SMALLEST ADJUSTMENT.LIKE EVERYTHING ABOUT IT. ALLAN HANKE
This simple but elegant watch made a wonderful gift for my dad. He is very pleased with it.
I bought this watch as a gift. It wwas delivered on time, the watch was a hit.
Classic watch - can wear for business or casual. I gave it as a gift!
I like it,but I don't like box's watch which obsolescence.I hope my boy friend will love it
the color and the texture is just like what i thought. my dad likes it!
This is a beautiful watch and I am very pleased with the order and quick shipment.
As was expected, great watch for very reasonable watch. My son is totally satisfied with his gift.
This one is excellent for the price. Good build and accurate.I wish it had alert function.
It is really great watch for this price $(50). I highly recommend it.Thanks,
This is a great conservative looking watch, very accurate - in 6 months it fell behind justs 10 seconds.
Perfect for those of use who just want a simple, day/date analog timepiece at a very affordable price.
It is really great watch for this price $(50). I highly recommend it.Thanks,
This is a great conservative looking watch, very accurate - in 6 months it fell behind justs 10 seconds.
Great Price for a great watch. I got it for at least half of the store price.
My son absolutely loves it and has gotten lots of compliments on it.
This is an awesome watch, it is a great watch for the price!!!
Es un reloj de muy buena calidad y muy buena relacion costo/beneficio.Estoy muy satisfecho con el producto.
Very impressed with the product I received. Fast delivery. Would definately do business with this seller again
This watch functions as advertised. I am completely satisfied and feel the watch is worth the money!
perhaps a littel boring but a nice piece nevertheless. Given as a gift. Recommended.
As easy as falling off a long. Arrived quickly and in good condition.
I love it! Even better than described. Plus the price on Amazon was awesome!
Beautiful watch, at by far the best price available anywhere--would recommend to anyone!
I liked the first one so much that I bought another as a gift.
A really nice watch for 140$ with pretty small diamond stones on it.
The clock is good looking. I think that is a little smaller than I thought.
Bought this watch 3 days ago...It is very sharp looking...disappointed because it is made in singapore...not in japan...
Fantastic watch, great service and a price I can live with. What else can I say. EJ
I like very much my seiko and it`s all i`ve expected.It`s very beautiful and strong
I love the watch the band is fading cheap hard imitation leather,the date is hard to see.
it was handsome, good leather strap. Face was attractive, not cluttered. Very appreciated.
Returned because of size however I did order the women watch and I love it.
This is a lovely watch and an exceptional buy. Bracelet is nice too. Mine fits a 7" wrist.
I got this as a birdthay present. It is really cool![...]
What I wanted, when I wanted it, on time, right price
Great watch at a great price. $300 at the mall for the same exact watch.
My Seiko watch is really great. I bought a selfwinding watch so i wouldn'thave to buy batteries for it.
I've had this model before and knew I would love it. Great price and works well too.
What are you reading ??U are waisting your timeBuy it Right now !!!Seiko Monster: what else you need ?
Its an amazing watch. I just wish it had a dual-directional bezzel. Other than that, its a great watch
I haven't taken it off since I received it, not even to wear my Rolex :)
The Seiko "Black Monster" is a steal for the price. This watch is built like a tank.
See all over for double the price. Works great, get lots of compliments more the my more expensive watches.
This is everything I wanted in a watch - great looking and so far keeps great time.
Great experience with the seller - excellent communication and the product arrived, exactly as promised. Highly recommend.
EXCELLENT FEEL AND CLASP. WEARS BETTER THAN A ROLEX. EXTREMELY ACCURATE.
I love this watch. Great quality. very rich feeling has some wait to it not cheap.
Great watch! Really cute. Delivery was quicker than expected. Highly recommend this company.
I purchased the watch for the wife for her birthday. Her reaction upon opening the box was priceless.
Great price for product, however, took almost three months for it to arrive
My wife love it!! that's all I have to say, great price and beautiful watch..
Was so happy with the watch as described and delivey was on time.
I bouth this one for my wife and she loved it, I recomended for any woman
She loved it... and I loved the price! I saved $300.00 off the retail price!
What can I say? It's everything it was supposed to be. She loved it. A++
This was a Christmas present for girlfriend. She was even more pleased than I could have imagined.
Great watch for a great price. This watch is literally double the price at MACY's. And Amazon is great!
My wife loves this watch! It's a great value for the money.
Sweet watch. Works. Delivered well within time. Absolutely presentable box. Warranty card not stamped or filled.
Love the watch and thought it was the best price I could find, and I shopped around.
I got it for my wife and she absolutely loves it. Arrived fast and well packaged.
I have been looking at this watch for a while.I am so happy that I decided to purchase it
Great watch, she absolutely loves it! I loved the price, it was a great deal.
The risons are;no need of batteries,japanese movement,excellent look for right price.Boutgh already two ,for me and my friend.
The watch is great. They said it would 3-5 days to get and it took almost two weeks!!!!
The watch runs fast - about 1 minute per two day period. Not what I expect from Seiko
I really like this watch and get a lot of compliments whenever I use it.
The watch is awesome and this was by far the best price!! I'm very happy with my purchase!!
I bought these for my boyfriend and he loved it! Light, classy and functional!
A Christmas gift for my son. Very impressive watch! It was love at first sight!
Very cotemperary and stylish. My 13 y.o. sone loves this birthday present.
Great watch functionally and hypoallergenic. My only objection is that it's not a good fit.
Great watch, excellent glass. Arrived really quickly to the UK(2-3days), Just keep it away from strong magnets
excellent watch! gave as a gift to father. he hasn't taken it off yet. love seiko's
Seller was delivering immediately. The watch itself is sporty but elegant, suited for active men.
Overall I'm very satisfied with this purchase. Only drawback - the alarm can be a lil complicated.
One Word... "Awesome" !!! A must have for any seiko fan !!!
WOW THE WATCH IS SO NICE, YOU HAVE TO BUY IT. ALSO THE PRICE IS GOOD
The watch is more than I expected. Great price and great quality! definitely a must!
I have been looking to buy this watch for a while now. Its absolutely worth it. it looks beautiful.
Great product. I was hesitant buying a watch online but this is a great watch. Highly recommended.
I like it, but i think is a little heavy.In general is a grate watch.
Wow! No batteries to replace, more accurate than mega-buck self-winding watches at a really affordable price.
Large diameter 41mm,'sweep'chronograph second hand like a mechanical mechanism,two-tones,dress watch,quality steel bracelet,excelent alarm/second time zone function.
I highly recommend you guys to purchase this item if you want to have a watch.
Simple looking. I've bought it more than a month and so far it runs very accurately.
I think this watch is very nice. For the price, I think it's a steal.
This watch suits any type of wear. It has some flashy looks too. Good one for the price.
This is a nice watch to use anytime.Maybe a litle shineing, but stil nice.
Bought as a gift for my son and he loves it.
What can I say...MUCH MUCH better than I even thought it would be!!
Very happy, fast easy transaction. Will buy again. Thanks! AND got my watch at 65% off!!!
I am very happy with this watch. It seems to be a good value for the price.
beautifull and cheap product ... everybody like this watch on my hand when i go out with my friends!
To date, product performs perfectly.Company also honored its warranty on previously-ordered watch.
This broke as soon as we got it. Seiko makes much better watches. Pick another one!
nice looking watch.the watch you sent us had a dead battery.
it is a nice watch really, with this picture cant say anything but really, you will enjoy using it
I love this watch. Looks better in person. For the price, you can't get a better watch.
BOUGHT AS A GIFT NOT YET GIVEN, HALF THE PRICE OF BUYING IT DIRECT IN THE UK.
This is the watch I've been looking for for years. I love it! Big, beautiful, bling. Great deal.
bought this for my gf.I put it on, looked good on me,way to big for a womans watch IMO
I just received my beautiful watch, thank you, it will be treasured for many years! Love the 'bling'Jan
Awesome computer dive watch. elegant look with all the function you'll even need in a dive.a bit expensive though.
Excellent every day watch. Works well dressed up or down. The watch is light and good looking. Highly recommend!
Pictures don't do the watch justice. It is very pretty. This was a great price too!
For those who remember the more reliable LED watches over the LCD watches, this is a must have!
l saw n a shop and after decided this watch.it s really nice.high quality product.shipping is very quickly.thank you.
i recibe this product perfectly.This wath is beatifil. this seller is very good. i recommend you
Ii wish I had known how heavy this watch was. It was the right price.
This watch is very nice. We bought two of them, and the kids loved them.
My little airplane enthusiast loves this watch with the helicopter on it as a second hand.
THIS IS A WONDERFUL WATCH ESPECIALLY FOR A LEARNING CHILD!ITS A FUN ONE FOR BOYS!
Any childs Timex watches are great!! MY Grandson loves them never takes them off only to Get clean.
Our youngest grandson loves being able to tell time. The "fast wrap" feature is nice for him.
I love the watch. It looks like the picture. Unfortunately, the stem was broken although it was properly packaged.
I finally got the watch I always wanted, and it works great too.
Exactly as advertised, it works flawlessly, keeps my watches on time, I'm getting more for all my watches!
A VERY REASONABLE WATCH WINDER AND A RELIABLE ONE. HAS MANY SETTINGS TO ADJUST FOR YOUR OPTION ON DELAYS.
This is a Wenger - good quality and more than I anticipated. These are excellent everyday comfortable watches.
This watch is well worth five times (or more)the amount I paid. Looks, style and excellent time keeping.
I've had the watch for a year now. Very satisfied with it for the price paid.
first automatic i have had in years. Very nice has been working great for almost a year now
Very satisfied with the quality. For the money a great watch. Quick delivery.
Just what I needed in a watch looks, form and function nice for everyday where. A keeper
Gorgeous watch. The diamonds sparkle so beautifully. Very light-weight, which is a plus, I hate heavy clunky watches.
Great Looking watch. Bought this one for my sister on her birthday and she loves it.
bought it for my dad for christmas hes been happy and wearing it ever since.
What can I say???HE LOVES IT!!! IT IS NOW HIS NUMBER ONE WATCH.
Love my watch. It really was a gucci. Shipped fast. Would order from them again
I am amazed at the quality of this adorabble watch. It went perfectly with my outfit on Valentine's Day.
The watch is teriffic and the the entire transaction went quite smoothly. Overall, I couldn't be more satisfied.
awesome watch, very unique and beautiful, one of the few more feminine watches made by diesel. great price too!
This is an ecellent watch. If you want to have a nice watch, byu this one
for my opinion it good but i shoud aske my sis if she like or not
The watch is excellent value. Got it on time and looks great on my hand. Would recommend to anyone.
A nice watch. They might have checked that the batteries were functional before sending it out, though.
I got this for my niece's birthday and she was very happy with it. This company shipped very quickly.
I ordered several more as gifts. Fast super fast delivery even on reorders. (within a couple of days) Thanks!
The ordering procedure, shipping time & condition, appearance & function of the watch are all excellent.
got this watch as present for 13-year old, he loves the yellow face and easy to read hands.
The seller did an excellendt job. The watch was delivered in perfect shape, as described, on a timely basis.
This watch was received timely. It looks great. It was purchased as a gift.
I absolutely love this watch, and got it at Amazon's Friday Sale at an excellent price!! Thanks!
Love the watch, but presentation really bad for a fossil. No manual, awfully wrapped, the box was damaged.
Great looking watch, perfect for gifting and very good price. Very good quality, especially the pearl dial!!
I got it as a everyday use watch for the wife and she loves it.
This is a great looking watch, and I've gotten many compliments. A great value.
Gostei muito do relogio, vale a pena comprar...ainda mais pelo preco.Atenciosamente,
Very satisfied with my new Nike watch. It has great looks and great features.
The watch is nice but does not look exactly as I expected. But it is nice.
I liked it so much. I am happy with the watch.It is beautiful.
This watch was not only inexpensive but very nice.Giving it as a present so hope she likes it.
The watch is exactly as described and arrived in a timely fashion. Would definitely buy from Amazon again.
Very nice watched my friend like it and a good deal too.I recommended this
The watch looks decent and simple.I gave 4 stars for the price .I got for $24 and free shipping.
It is smaller than its picture in the shopping display of amazon
The watch arrived quickly and in excellent condition. It was exactly as pictured and my husband loved it!
I did not think the face would be that big. But it is a good watch.
I love this watch, I also have it in red! awesome~! you can dress it up or down!A+
LOVE the watch! But where can I find the same model but smaller diameter?? Someone mentioned this was possible.
Its a beauty clock. Have in consideration the dimensions of the sphere (a little big).
This watch looks phenomenal in person. The quality is impeccable and it gets many compliments.
This is a very affordable luxury watch. Real sharp and can be worn for formal or casual occasions.
All the looks, functions, fit, comfort and style you would expect from a TAG Heuer quality time piece.
It may be bigger for little boys, but good for young men.
Very beautiful watch! My fiance loved it! Would buy from this seller again in a heartbeat!!!
My Nike Mettle Sledge is nice and Stylish and is great for running and for my every day life.
Excellent seller. Tag is a Tag. My friend loved it. Very good for medium to large size wrists.
THe watch was a very good price delivered sooner than I expected and looks great
Hi,I had order this expensive watch, by seeing this in website. this watch is very hefty & long .
Nothing to complain about at all. Beautiful watch, delivered quickly great price. Would highly reccomend this vendor.
la presentacion de reloj no es la misma que la foto, no tiene segundero y la terminaci&oacute;n es pesima
This is a vey elegant white/black different watch.Excellent price and presentation!!!!
I'm very happy with the watch. Sleek. It was sent promply. They even sent it with the correct time
THE WATCH PENDANT IS JUST FINE, HOWEVER THE CHAIN TURNED BLACK WITHIN TWO WEEKS. YOU MAKE THE CALL ?
This watch keeps accurate time, is comfortable to wear, and looks good. What more can you ask for?
Is a good watch at a good price. Is good for an active/sporty woman. She likes its desing.
received watch fast. watch is nice feels a little bit heavy but looks real cool.
very good experience, I recommend it widely, the shipment arrived on time.the product was exactly the that I wanted
Sexy watch, at least that's what my son said when I gave it to him.
A timeless timepiece. Eye-catching and classy. Wear from work to play. Absolutely gorgeous!
This is a very nice and modern fashioned clock.The size is as espected. Highly recommended.
bought this 4 my dad 4 fathers day he loved it.he said it looked great
I received this watch for Christmas and I love it, it looks really sleek andis very comfortable.
I received this product in a timely manner and it was in great condition! I love this watch.
A great watch for a great price plus the quick delivery meant I could enjoy wearing it sooner.
NICE WATCH FOR THE MONEY.IT WAS TWICE AS MUCH IN THE STORES.
This watch looks great & feels great. They shipped fast & the price was LOW. Buy it now.
satisfactory for an inexpensive watch. The diamonds are not very noticeable in person compared to the picture displayed online.
I love this watch! Looks very elegant and the price was great. I would highly recommend this watch.
Price was great!! Shipping was great!! Watch is great!! The overall process and the product was splendid.
Very nice watch. My wife loves it and it can be worn with almost any occasion.
Watch was returned, because it was sent as a new when it was obviously a used item
lo uso para el d&iacute;a de trabajo, es bueno y resistente
As advertised, the watch is lightweight due to titanium band. Easy to read and adjust.
the service and price was very good. the buying process was very eassy
The watch is even more beautiful than it appears online, very elegant. I would highly recommend it.
I got this watch for my mother.The watch is elegant , so she loves it.I did good shopping.
I bought this watch for my wife. It's really beautiful and at a great price.
Top-notch quality for a fraction of the price. I couldn't be any more satisified.
I ordered this watch from Amazon exactly a month ago and it still has not arrived!
I WISH THE COMPANY WOULD PUT THE LENGTH OF THE WATCH IN ( INCHES )MAYBE THEY WOULD SELL MORE.
The watch was just what I expected. It was a gift and the recipient loved it.
Beautiful, not too flashy, clean look, can dress it up or wear it with your favorite jeans :)
Product was exactly what I expected to receive, and I received it in a fair amount of time.
The watch was a great price. It was sent to us quickly and we are very happy with it.
A gift for my husband and he loves it. the moon phase is hard to see and set.
this watch is gorgeous and gets allot of attention....came on time, if not early and works perfectly
I'm happy with the watch. It tells time, resists water and looks good on the wrist.
Delighted with the item and the speed of service by amazon.comCertainly the item is genuine!Highly recommended.Well done!!!
This is a great professional looking watch. Easy to set and it feels comfortable on the arm.
This watch is beautiful. The picture don't make any justice. The quality from Amazon is Flawless. Highly Recommended.
The watch is a very simple design, and it keeps good time.
a very tough watch I wear it at work a lot of other watches broke
I`ve been wearing one of these watch`s for years.I`m very comfortable with it.I just like them.
Service was prompt received in good condition. Instructions to set it up was clear and I am enjoying itHilary
This watch is a tried and true classic - a reliable time piece for a reasonable price.
This watch does all that I need, and is very inexpensive. It's so comfortable I haven't taken it off.
Product arived on time and in tact and was as described. I'm very satisfied.
wow , with only $11.00 , this is the best one I can find on internet
Good Watch overall. I like the digital and analog combination. Quality band. Con: the crystal seem to scratch easily.
VERY NICE WATCH AS DESCRIBED,FAST SHIPPING VERY HAPPY WITH THE ITEM.I WILL SHOP FROM THIS SELLER AGAIN.THANKS AAA+++++++++
A good lightweight, easy to read watch. My only complaint is the quiet alarm. Overall a great product.
Nice watch, useful as world clock.The bracelet is really thin and the display scratched after some days of use.
la mercancia me llego en buen estado y seguire comprando por la execelencia de amazon es lo mejor
It really looks more promising into the photo. But it's a nice watch and is worth the price.
It was $30, it works as advertised, and taking a link out of the band wasn't very difficult.
Well it seems to be a cheap metal, but its very impressive and worth bying.
Given to my uncle well recieved liked it. Thinking about purchjasing it for my self.
Great for those who like quality without expending too much. The crystal is really scratch-resistant. No complaints so far.
The watch arrived on time.the same model that orderedIn original packwork very well, look very nicegood deal
This is an excellent watc. Good Looking, Works, programs easily and at a great price. AAA++++
very complicated to set. nice metal sturdy watch. very good and easily worth the price
I bought 4 watches,but only 3 work well.I have already leave USA,and I don't know what to do.
Great watch! Delivery was very quick. I'd do business with this retailer again.
works great, looks good, and I don't have to worry about the battery for 10 years.
Please help... Could you tell me how to put needles in correct time?Thanksregardcccccc
It works fine and u can beat the price. Very happy with the product. Would recommend it to everyone;)
It is reasonably priced. Came in time. I have yet to see it functioning, otherwise satisfied with it.Would recommend.
it is ok as a watch for this price, but the case is plastic and not reliable enough.
Checked around and found Amazon had a fair price and free shipping as it was over $25
Informative, nice smart style, to go along with a great value pkg.You can't go wrong.
Excellent watch, definitely a tough one. Very simple design with just the right amount of features.
Casio DW-5600E-1V G-Shock Classic WatchThe tracking system was greatI received the watch on time.I love that watch.
It is a good watch. But compared to some modern style, the numbers are small to read....
I use this to work around the house. It keeps perfect time and does not seem to wear out.
Nice watch for 27 bux. Does what it's meant to and takes a bit of punishment without getting broken.
Watch is great - arrived on schedule - shipping cost seemed high though
excellent watch good timkeeper.real good value for the money shipping and packaging was AAA.Don't pass it up.
This is a good looking and functional watch for my purposes. I would rate it first class.
IF YOU WANT A VELCRO AND NYLON STRAP OR RED LETTERING TRY DW5600EV-1V ,DW5600EV1V IN YOUR SEARCH.
cheap, classic and reliable. I love it!The solar one is better but more expensive, finally I choose this one.
Watch came fast. No problems. Works just as exepected. Would definitely buy similar items from merchant again.
Love this watch with it's classic design except it is much tougher than the original.
I was very dissappointed. Bought as a present for an older relative. Letters/numbers too small--programming too difficult.
The product come in the same form as the picture, and come on time.Congratulations.
Execelente reloj dep&oacute;rtivo, mi hijo de 14 a&ntilde;os esta muy satisfecho, excelente compra, muy buen precio y marca
not user friendly in setting features. very difficult to set temp and day settings. would not recommend
Great Product with many features and a great performance - price ratio. Functions are easy to handle.
I bought it for a gift and he was extrememly satisfied. It was also delivered on time.
Casio Men's Forester Sports Thermometer Watch #AQF100W-7BVDigital display too small to read without glasses. Analog hands cover digital display.
Dear Sirs,Try to buy this watch.You will be very satisfied because have all you need...
Watch arrived promptly[6 days to regional Australia].Works great .Instruction booklet printing needs to be larger.
Great buy! escellent watch. Bought it 2 years ago and works perfectly. Really easy reader. My mom loves it.
This watch is what I wanted to have,fix excellent on my wrist light weightgood night vision.
My father loved this watch, it looks really nice and has a lot of features.
Exactly as discribed, no more, no less.Not heavy, good value for money, good quality, discrete.No cons at all.
Great product, durable and reliable. Easy to use buttons and backlit for nighttime display if needed.
It was a specific present a nephew wanted and it was the best price I could find
the order came fast and I'm happy with the watch, I wish it had "count down" as a feature.
The watch is durable as advertised. The numbers are a bit small, but crystal clear.
Bought to replace one identical for my fiance. He loved it and the price was great!!
great deal fast delevery, I GAVE TO AMAZON 5 STARTFAST ,GOOD SERVICE I CAN'T SPECT MORE FROM THEMTHANK
I just received it today and It is a failure. The buttons does not work. I am returning it.
Everything was great, got to my house in a week. And was working right. thank you.
Excellent watch. Perfect for a gift or for yourself and it is such an amazing price. Definitely worth it.
This came exactly as advertised. It is a wondeful product that does everything I need to referee sports.
Mine was dead in 18 months after washing my hands with it. Not so water resistant as advertised.
This is my second G Shock watchBest ever watch. It just last and last and last
watch was what i expected & was shipped in a timely manner....would buy from this company again
Great buy and timely deivery.xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxxXX XXX XXX xxx XXX xxx xxxx
very good productexcellent qualityvery good servicevery good experiencevery good productexcellent qualityvery good servicevery good experience
Watch is comfortable, accurate (when compared with my atomic Casio's), and tough. A worthy continuation of the classic G.
I bought the watch for my wife and she loves it and I got a good price
I received my watch promptly and, like all previous Lorus watches, it is wonderful.
the wacht is exellent but , can not ajust wrist size if you have any idea let me know
It's light and suitable for wrist. But the window and case is so easily be scratched.
Este rel&oacute;gio &eacute; de pl&aacute;stico. &Eacute; bom para o dia a dia. Simples mas bonito
Great item, totally recommended for those who want a luxury watch for a reasonable price!!!
hii really like this watch, it was my boyfriend&#34;s present for Christmas.He is really like too.Thank you for this!
It's what I expected altho, being a multi-functioning watch, takes a learning curve to get up to speed.
I like this watch because of these features: analog, digital, temparature, and easy to read.
This was great for me. The watch looks great, and it's a great watch for everyday use.
Beautiful watch. The bracelet/band is very long and I haven't figured out how to shorten the band.
MARCA REGISTRADASE RECOMIENDA COMPRAR EL PRODUCTOMARCA REGISTRADASE RECOMIENDA COMPRAR EL PRODUCTOFELICITACIONESFELIZ ANO 2013 GRACIAS OK
The watch came brand new in the box. Is working well and looks good. I love it!
This item came to me as indicated in the picture :)This watch is worth the price I paid for.
It's cheap, but versatile. The blue cold light is very pretty and useful at night.
Not very impressive...ended up buying the Baby G watch that cost 5 times more, but way cooler!
This product is exactly what they described. NIB and very fast shipping. THANKS A LOT!
Nice watch, looks distinguise and a good prices, best of all water resists.luis Lugo
I really enjoy wearing this watch. You can't beat the price and it isa very classy piece.
I really like this watch. It has very classy lines and reminds me of a much more expensive watch.
For a small price, a very nice shining watch which can be assorted to any clothes... great one :)
Too small for my moms wrist. We thounght it would be larger. And is too shiny.
Cheap and simple watch for simple time keeping. Would give it a 5 if it had a timer.
Nice watch from Casio for peoples who need a great watch and LAP function.Great price.Enjoy it!
I wear the watch every day and it does everything I need the watch to do.
I got my order before Christmas and the gift was well recieved. Great doing business.
Great Value! Excellent everyday casual watch. Comfortable and doesn't get in your way when doing everyday tasks.Very light weight.
A low priced watch that keep accurate time. If it is damaged (un-likely) it is easily replaced.
Not just for men, women can use it too!It looks shiny, but actually it is not. Nice matte black!
I LOVE this watch, it's got a low profile that a woman could also wear it.
Casio Men's 10 Year Battery Analog Resin Watch #MW600E-9AVIt is a very good product. Excellent and prompt delivery.
Good looking watch; rating it lower than "5" due to uncomfortable band!It never feels right on your arm...
All right, it's not a Rolex. But it's not a bad watch. I like it.
lo compre para mi hijo y esta bien para el. pero para un adulto quedaria peque&ntilde;o
purchased 2 of them, one for my wife. Still using them in the pool and easy to set etc.
Great product. Great price. Great design.Probably best watch in the world compared to price.
This little watch does everything I would expect it to, and it looks pretty good to boot.
It is so nice to have watches that don't need winders or batteries that must be changed.
I am very please with this produce and the prompt and efficient service of Amazon. Thank you.
This watch charged in a couple of hours in the window sunshine. Amazing. Great watch for the dollar value.
This product was exactly as it was described. My boyfriend is extremely satisfied and that makes me happy.
I just bought this watch, but in the few days that I've had it I've loved it.
Had to change the batteries after the watch came, otherwise it's fine, especialyl for the price
Very much satisfied with the quality of the watch I got and for that price, good value for money
My son loved these! He wears one every day to middle school.
Gave this to my brother, he loved it. Great quality. I prefer Casio watches nevertheless.
Easy to understand and use...once you go through the manual briefly. Looks great.
Just need more time to figure out how to use all the functions for this piece Mr.Incredible.!
Great price and my son loved it. On time and as advertised.
saw this watch in pale pink..... wished it came in silver...... it does..... love it..... very pretty.
The combo wrist band and watch is perfect for active tennis play, and it is pretty.
the leather strap is better than metallic; this at least will not leave black traces on your wrist.
The watch looks nice - and works well. I love two-tone also - it matches everything.I received many compliments.
It is very nice, a little small but very nice, I really like it and it looks elegant!!!
it came with no batery. I changed it, then the watch broke down... no comments... ... ...
Supervising from the purchasing moment untill the receiving from courier. Excellent Product and Purchasing Deal!
Very fast delivry, and a relible, good looking and comfortable watch. Very light weighted. Can recomend this product.
Thanks !I DON'T HAVE ANY PROBLEM !I"LL CONTINUE MAKE DEAL WITH YOU
Product keeps excellent time and is nicely designed, uncomplicated and is an invaluable adjunct.
as another purchaser stated the bright silve face is impossible to seein bright light. Everything else is excellent.
Got what I ordered in good time. Price was good. Watch is great, as usual. My third.
Product keeps excellent time and is nicely designed, uncomplicated and is an invaluable adjunct.
The watch is great, it was exactly as descibed and came really fast. thanks !!!
This product was delivered very quickly and I am very pleased with the product, also, the price.Robert Finlayson
This is a great watch for the price. It hold a charge for weeks without movement. Excellent buy.
It is a very nice watch, i really like it, and the service was excellent.
It's the just watch for the sport , light and consistent ,practic and nice.
excelent watch, beautiful and very good. very good price also. excelent service from you guys. Thanks, AMAZON!!!!
I bought it for my dad and he loves it...and the price was also really good.
I couldn't find this watch anywhere for the price it was available on Amazon for.
My husband just loves this watch and can't get over the great quality for the price.
I bought this watch for its feature. Though it is very nice, it is heavy. It's not for me.
Very plesant experience. Very quick shipping I could not be happier with my purchase.
i love this watch. a fell in love right after i saw this in KLCC
This is a great watch. I worried about the band handling water but it is great.
Outstanding watch it is very light and has great fuctions, it's hightly recomended
Cool looking watch. Was a gift for my husband and he loves it!
The band is not so good, in a little time had broke. the leather (fake) broke.
The defected problem was sent to me. No customer service..NothigNot satisfied at all!
The pin remove is functional, but the plastic construction makes it unstable during the process.
Watch keeps time well and is sturdy. Gold tone does begin to wear off rather quickly.
Great watch, especially if you like bracelet watches. (If you don't, it's sometimes a bit of a hassle...}
the watch does not work.........very disappointed gave this as a gift
This watch runs late and the alarm is very quiet you can't hear it.Nice design.
The watch was delivered in a very timely manner, but there was no invoice or paperwork when delivered.
this was a great watch, excellent service. The order arrived on time and I love the watch.
I just love it. It will look fabulous with my mother-of-the-bride dress and many other special occasion dresses.
its does not look as good as shown in the Pic !not very attractive but cheap
Looks nice and I never have to set it.I love this watch!
Works like advertised. Syncs well with atomic time from Colorado (I am in California). Looks nice.
Does what it says it will do but extremely complicated to set up. The Manual is practically useless.
One you figure out the time zone issue that has been covered in other reviews, you're golden!
Very nice for the money. Light, looks good and works well. I've spent more on worse watches.
This is an excellent watch. Very easy to use (it sets itself), high quality and looks great.
It's a good value for money -- too rough on the edges.
IF YOU WANT A VELCRO AND NYLON STRAP INSTEAD OF RESIN OR RED LETTERING SEARCH DW5600EV-1V OR DW5600EV1V.
It's a good watch. You have to be careful because it can be scratched real easy.
The watch functions very well, but the user manual could be more user friendly.
Got this for my husband as a Christmas gift. He loved it. Great display, features, etc.
Nice item for the price. Product was shipped well and received in great condition.
the item arrived exactly as stated. But it took FOREVER to get here.
Leather is soft, the face is unique and our teenage son loves it.
Cute, weird and nice, looks oldish, hope it will last a long time ! loved the price !
Well I got it as a gift from my wife on our last anniversary really love it.
it is a very nice bracelet ,Iam very happy with it.thanks
producto recibidoen perfectas condiciones, se recibio en un lapso de tiempo aceptable, venededor 100% recomendable.
It is nice gift for your girlfriend. Nice details like butterfly and Swarovski crystal, which so beautiful.
Great watch, came as how it looks like on the net. It's really a beauty!
GAVE THIS TO MY DAUGHTER AS A BIRTHDAY PRESENT. GOOD PRICE AND SHE LOVED IT.
Please, look at the dimension and weight of this watch carefully.I retuurned this.
Nice watch for the price. Little bulky but I will call it stylish. Not bad for $40.
My item arrived within one week of purchase. It was in excellent condition and packaged very well.
It's a great looking watch for a very low price. I haven't had any problems with it.
I love watches that never need batteries. Citizen Eco-Drive watches are fashionable, light weight and reliable.
Bought it for little brother (24 yrs) for b-day, loved it - says he gets complements on it daily
Great watch, great price. Disappointed it did not come with the International Warranty Card.
The watches is very nice. It packed with a good parcel.I was happy that my watches was shipping safely.
The watch is great! Came in a few days and was in brand new condition, as expected.
Watch was very small and barely fit my 6 year-old daughter's wrist. And she has a small frame! Strange.
The box is of good quality but doesn't accomodate the bigger style watches of today.
Keeps excellent time and looks great while doing it. I have been really pleased with my purchase.
Very nice looking case for about 5 watches.2 nice size compartments for knicknack items.
when i received this product it was not working it was also a late delivery never buy it again
The watch arrived dead -- maybe drained battery or broken. I will be returning it.
Just received it and came broken out of box. The crown came out and it is not even working.
great product, looks great with pink gold accesories. the store is great and reliable, super fast shipping.
I bought this watch on sale for a very good price. Great value and beautiful watch.
Really It Is a Nice Watch Look Very Cool ..Fine Quality Till Now :D
Love this jewelry box. Gave to my mom for Christmas and she loved it! Great price too.
I love this watch. It held up nicely and I get a lot of compliments
I like fossil, for woman or men.. always goob watches with exelent quality and a lot of models.!!
This watch is even nicer than the picture. Very comfortable to wear. Love it!
The watch looks better in real life than in the photo. You won't be disappointed with it!
Got this watch awhile back on Amazon. My daughter's friend loved it. It was much nicer than the picture.
Looks nice and shiny. Got it for my wife and uses it everyday at work. Decent watch.
The product was delivered as stated in excellent condition. It works perfectly. I would order another one
i do appreciate for swift shipment of the watch.. and the watch is really GOOD! Thanks amazon.
Very good watch simple and elegant. casio very good brand recognition.robust and functional.casio watch casio watch casio watch
my son said 'Mom very good very very thank you', and he naver leaved watch
This watch, while competent, drained the battery in only two years. I've gone to a solar watch.
The Watch was just perfec.I love it, and I stil have it.I would recommend it to any one.
This watch is great...holds so much information and it is a CASIO...the name you can trust!! Enough said.
I like all casio watches, the product was received on time and it was as described online.
Its good means only small problem sensitive "glass", its wary easily to scratch it
Excellent design, with soft leather outside and swede like material inside. Definitely a must buy item.
Great product, nice desing and good price.Great product, nice desing and good price.Great product, nice desing and good price.
I purchased this for my Citizen Solar Watches. Some have big dials and it works perfectly.
Good product, but can be better. The interior space for each item could be bigger.
I'm happy with this product and my watches looks well inside and are oragnize and more protected from dust.
Just as it looks. Fits great, looks better. Nicest watch to be had at under 50 dollars.
That's the watch for surfers and fishers. Tough enough to endure outside activities and sports. Very precise tide table.
This watch fits my needs perfectly. It is simple practicle and will last a number of years.
Great watch for the value. Keeps excellent time. Multiple alarms. Confusing tide info.
Excellent product for health professionals, plus really fast shipping too, got it 2 days before estimated delivery.
I like it. It does what it says.I recommend it to others
A great watch. Very easy to read face. I like the secondary display with the day & date.
This purchase was fast and easy. No headache. The delivery was also speedy
I bought this watch for my daughter for graduation and she loves it. Swatch watches keep time very well.
The watch is very attractive, and was shipped in the expected time frame.
The product was delievered just as promised. The picture matched the product perfectly and product was in perfect condition.
3 mode operation. would help if it suggested what mode to use for different brands of watches.
Such a great watch. Classic and never goes out of style. So glad I bought it.
Hard to set, hard to wind, band hard to adjust. Aside from that . . .
Happy with watch, but would have liked an instuction booklet which was not included.
The watch is very nice, works well and is solar powered. The only issue is its a little heavy.
It's was suppose to be made in Swiss not in China. Although it's look good and beautiful
All aspects are excellent except the light. Re-engineer the light so that the hands can be highlighted.
I'm very happy with watch. It actualy looks better than i expected.The apearance is of a more expensive watch.
This is a beautiful and elegant watch! The watch is very versatile and goes with anything. Great purchase!
I'm very please with this watch. It appears to be very solid and of a very high quality.
reserved battery even I don't wear for month still running,good for swim never take off.
Bought this for a teen boy and it was so neat, his dad tried to take it from him
This watch is great, beautiful, easy to adjust ( 5 sec) and comfortable. I LOVE IT!
Love this watch, the leather is of very good quality and the color accents my outfits.
very nice, VERY pink, given as a gift, recipient was very pleased
The watch looks very beautiful and exquisite, but the band are too long.
Awesome better then expected,if you see this watch for under $30 buy it, you won't be disapointed.
Excellent watch for any environment. Trust me, for the money this is the best work watch you can buy.
Great watches just as described super fast shipping yes I'll recommend these watches great value for the money
Nice thin and light watch. Suede band is also nice but it only accommodates large wrists. Good overall watch.
I was pleased with the purchase. The clock arrived ahead of schedule. But so far not received the invoice.
time not correct&#65292; around 15 secs lag every'dayNot sure what is the problem, may be battery is almost dead.
Fantastic watch, great looking and an amazing price for an automatic watch.
We love this watch! It was sent very quickly and exactly what we wanted!
I bought the T33159859 4 months ago through Amazon. It's been workiing great. No problems. Great looks. Cool features.
This watch looks great on...much better than in the picture! Elegant but trendy...a good staple for your wardrobe.
LOve this watch - looks great, works well and loads of extra features like compass temperature etc.
please note - you have to pay the tariff from your own state - f.e. in Austria 20% !!
I think this is a good deal. It is automatic and has an scratch-resistant-sapphire window but relatively low price.
Item exactly as descibed.Great clock for a small space. We put it in the guest room.
Great watch for a watch junkie. Shipped quickly, and works as stated. Not as heavy as it may appear.
I buy one for the sport activities of my wife and to all they really like much.
es un buen reloj muy bonito le enecanto a mi esposa y posee muchas funciones gracias.
Es un excelente reloj y el precio es el mejor, ademas viene en blanco y negro....lo recomiendo
Nice model, actually this watch can face any situation for his restist shock system, I loved.
It's a great watch. My fiance loves this watch, the style and special tools.
the best ever made for real prof diver . 365 daysx4 yeas of use at more than 200mts
I love this watch it works great. I would recommend this watch to everybody........
This watch is good for barometric pressure and compassForget temperature and altimeter unless you hang from your pack
Great watch for the price, has all the gadgets a runner and or adventurer outdoors person can imagine.
i surpise after i recieved the itme because i wasn't same as the picture. the colore different, more light.
This is excellent watch to gift someone. It has all features needed. Plus it has the label "TISSOT".
it is so fine watch...nice brand name,,,good pricep.s i bought it within the sale timeit worth its price
It seemed like a great watch, but unfortunately it didn't work. I have returned the watch for a refund.
Un muy buen reloj,elegante , sencillo y comodo y sobretodo liviano y lo mejor BUEN PRECIO
Not happy with the appearance with the watch. Appears much smaller than expected. Hard to read. Functions well.
Looks great!! Good for causual wear and work. Goes with whatever you wear. Good choice.
This Casio watch is amazing, have very good options if you like fishing, this is one that you want.
It's a very nice watch. I like the world time feature. Looks very good for a not expensive watch.
Casio Men's Watch #AQ163W-1B1VNice to wear, comfort. Easy to adjust the time and date. Reasonable price to purchase.
This watch looks great but you need a NASA engineer to change the time on this thing.
Watch is just what I ordered. Works great and is in excellent shape. Would buy another from this seller.
buttons don't get accidentally activated, face tells all in one glance, excellent basic, tough watch
Basic watch does whats advertised.I rate it as good for the price and the quality.
I think this product is good. It is not so expensive but it has multiple functions.
I already own the brown Casio Forester and like it. Bought this to have the black version.
For $15, this is a good durable watch do everything with it swimming, running, etc. Neat and clean design
the wrist watch came out good i can recommend it to anybody who wants a good watch.
Hi hi,perfect skeleton watch. Stuhrling is good brand. Good quality, on time delivey.
The surface finish started flaking off in about 1 week... No interesting features either...
Casio keeps chrurning out classic digital watches; great for casual wear, light and thin, reliable.
Durable, water resistant but not water proof, and has all the functions you could want.
Was very please with the watch. Watch was new and was shipped promptly as promised.
Best watch i have ever had. light weight, functional, cheap.Only bad point is you can't look classy with these.
I just received my watch and it is GOURGOUS!!! Worth every penny!! Wonderful gift!
The best kind of watch for dress, my prefer brand, look nice in my hand, enjoy it.
Watch was exactly what I expected and it arrived sooner than the waiting time given.
That is all I can say. I just really love this watch. Service was great.
This watch came in a timely fashion and looked just like the picture. Thank you!
This is one of the best purchases I've made on Amazon.com. Very well made stylish watch!
I just love it!!!In perfect conditions, well packaged, good timing.Good value for money.
Snazzy and stylish. Brought it as a gift and wanted to keep it for myself!
Nice and cool watch i loved it.The size is great and reasonable.
Lovely watch. Battery runs out too quickly. Arrived timely. Would recommend product and vendor.
This watch is nice, and ellegant, I dont have any problem, arrive on time, everythign was ok.-
Works great but should have more pins you will brake some until you learn how .
Pin broke the very first time. Not as strong as it should be.
I am new to this and still it is very easy to use,so go for it!
Didn't have the extra pins. Wasn't able to repair watch by removing bands to shorten band length.
Watch band remover was delivered in a timely manner and functions as advertised.
This has made my life easier. It does what its supposed to do and it does it well.
This tool is not strongly designed or manufactured to make it worth purchasing.
This tool works very well. Very simple to operate. Not much to it really.
The perfect little gizmo to adjust a linked watch band. It works, and the price is right.
Very nice gadget - makes it easy to adjust watch bands - good price and quick delivery.
A good tool, for very little money, that makes work faster and easier.
On the first day we tried using it broke!! Don't waste your time with this one.
This is a great little tool. I use it often and it always does the trick!
as soon as it arrived i used the tool to remove links from a watch band. works very well.
I purchased this as a supplemental tool. I have used it only once and it worked fine.
this item far exceeds what i thought it would be i am very pleased
I am totally satisfied witht he product and the service.Thank you
The item was delivered in a timely manner and was packaged very well. Would buy from this seller again.
The product was received as ordered. I got this watch to gift my brother. The watch looks great.
Watch is amazing, the face looks awesome, A great watch for casual and formal occasions.
thought it was smoke like others i had seen the watch is very blue but a gorgeous watch
I bought this for my wife who's a personal trainer. She loves it.
Great Watch!Bought it for my wife and she loved it. Kenneth Cole is a good brand.
I bought this watch for a pretty sophisticated woman and she was impressed.Its a fantastic buy.
My daughter just loves the watch! Everything she gets is pink, the back light is a nice feature also.
love the watch. Amazon service was very good and product arrived in a timely manner.
Bought this watch and one other, both fell apart and now we can't even wear them.
It was good putchase and great value. Great customer service. Still Iam waiting if grandee version available smillar watches.
This is a fine watch, I love the size of the numbers and the info.I would recommend it highly.
good looking watch,very nice. but little analogs with black not working correctly, made in china product.
Watch is nice looking and works great but the band seems very cheap
Disappointed there is no back light..wanted to use while diving...but a good and stylish watch
Everything arrived as promised brand new with all the packing, just didn't arrive fast enough.
My boyfriend loves this watch because of its brand and good looks. It is also very reliable.
Small E6B scale is a bit hard to read, but fine with glasses on. Durable, rugged, nice metal band.
I purchase this watch for my husband for Christmas, i think he'll enjoy this watch very much!!
Small and stylish men's watch. Very lightweight and you never have to worry about a battery!
The watch arrived in perfect condition and before I really expected it. Would buy from this seller again.
This is a great looking watch. It is functioning flawlessly I would expect from an Omega Chronometer.
I love this watch, it looks very professional and fits beautiful. Very pleased with this purchase!
simple design but elegant, with no need to change battery, I love it very much
Nice sleaky design (very light).Clear easy to read clasic dial.Simplicity and elegance.
The watch is very nice. The delivery was very prompt and the package was very well protected.
I bought this for my fiance and he loves it! It is simply a sexy watch!
I brought this pocket watch for my Dad, for Father's Day and he just loves it.
LOOKS LIKE AN EXPENSIVE WATCH. FOR THE PRICE IS A GANGA!!!
I love this watch, very functional and easy to wear. nice look and heavy duty.
The box is very well made - and it's classy. The weight alone speaks for its crafstmanship. Very satifsfied!
watch box was in great condition nicely packed. Delivery took a long time but no worries.
Watch was purchased and buyer paid for expedited shipping. Buyer has yet to receive the watch.
It came in a nice box but the battery ran out 1 month after we got it.
It's a great watch, nice style...i would recommend changing out the bracelet...which i did. Still an excellent timepiece.
This watch is perfect, pretty, light and durable...I love it and I do recommend.
It's an amazing watch for a very reasonable price, one of the best deals in watch store.
I WAS VERY PLEASED WITH THE PROMPT SERVICE AND THE QUALITY OF THE WATCH.
I am happy with this product. The price is reasonable and it goes well with any clothes.
Bulova Watch. This was a gift my sister in law picked out. She loves it.
I bought both the brown and black versions of this watchband. For the money these are excellent watchbands.
A very nice looking watch for reasonable price. Amazon's delivery was right on time.
I got the watch for my husband as a gift and he has really enjoyed it!
The watch is beautiful and it was delivered on time. I'm glad to had bought it here.
Boy, she was surprised!! A beautiful watch, many compliments from her coworkers. Lots oooohhhss and aaaahhhsss!
The diamonds are small, obviously, but they do add a nice sparkle to the watch. My mother loved it.
Bought it as a gift. Almost kept it. Simple but very nice, especially for the price.
I love this product. I own two of them. Great price too. Delivery time was excellent.
The wristwatch is great, easy to read and elegant in itself, it was a great gift we both enjoy
Cheap jumping hour watch. Chinese fabrication, but nice concept. Only, the jumping digits are too small.
I bought mine some time ago and rely on it everyday. For $20 bucks you cant' go wrong.
This watch is beautiful, however, it arrived with small cracks in 3 out of 4 of the corners.
nice basic watch, very thin, and lightweight. band is a bit small, but ok for normal sized wrists.
Nice slim deishn. Good looking, dress watch. Would I buy again ... yes.
I bought this as a gift for my mom. It's very durable as well as elegant. Great watch.
Love it! Perfect mix of silver, gold and blue. Gave to my wife for Valentines Day. A big hit!!!
The shipping carton was not securely wrapped and the crystal of the watch had several tiny scratches on it.
BAR, Honda ans Seiko. A partnership to make a great watch. Good for all seasons and events
I love love love it! It came in two days. I will definetey order from amazon again!~
I was very pleased with the product's,quality, style, price and appearence. My Pulsar was delivered as promised.
Nice and very affordable alternative to other winders.For that money it's doing job well.
Works ok but rotates to slowly and does'nt stop the automatic watch winding down and eventually stops
Arrived in perfect condition, fast delivery, good price. I've been buying from them ever since.
THIS IS A NICE WATCH THAT I BOUGHT FOR A GIFT AND RESULT VERY PLEASED.
my mom bought it for my bdayits realy good nice color. warks exelant.recomend to everyone :)))thank y
Looked great on the screen, but had sort of a cheap look in person. I returned it.
this watch looked really great in the photos, but it's much smaller than i expected. still, it's pretty cute.
Very nice watch looks good, keeps great time. Only wish it had a band that had better adjustment.
Got this for my boyfriend. Looks great, and looks like a more expensive watch :)
i didnt find it as i expected the leather is very thin i dont advice to buy it
Miserable watch for a seiko. expected more the strap design is a nightmare. the color seems faded
This watch is very affordable and looks high-quality. I am so happy to have this watch.
I am really happy to have it since I got it with a good deal and it is authentic.
This is a really nice watch. It was hundreds more at my local jeweler.
Hard to beat this rugged, good looking timepiece. Very comfortable to wear, keeps time within 10 seconds/day, sharp looking.
Great watch for the money;accurate ,light and great design.i love it. in all, a great pleasent surprise.
Althought it was smaller that it looks like but actually it great oneI would recommend for anyone for sure
This is my third Skagen and I love them all! Classy, slim, super quality. And delivered as promised!
Dear Sir:Is it possible if I could exchange the watch with golden one instesad of metallic.Best regards,Usman FarouqiPin: 8942
I like It watch and very, very good, like itSi very good!ThanksThe color si perfect. An the sice
Love the watch a whole lot - but, it needs a longer watch band.
Excellent watch. Worked great for me while in Singapore. Easy to set. Attractive.
An excellent product that lived up to its description. The shipping was quick and everything has gone very well!
Loved the watch. Comes with nice leather band and flips open to reveal the watch. I wear it daily.
Surely unique but too bulky and heavy for a watch. Just my opinion though; you might still like it
Pro:- Well constructed.- Digital/Analog dual timezonesCons:- Heavy- No backlight for digital display
The usual quality with a nice price!Modern watch that never goes out of style!
I have this in pink, blue, red and now clear...very eye catching...lots of compliments...flashy not gaudy
This watch is the pride on my wrist now -- and for a more than reasonable price at Amazon.com.
Nothing to say that is worth every penny; 29.99. Looks and feels right on the wrist
Have always been wanting this watch (true Star Wars fan!) Now I wear it all the time. Thanks Fossil!
I SAVED MONEY, DELIVERY WAS PROMPT, PRODUCT WAS AS ADVERTISED, VERY, VERY PLEASED, NO COMPLAINTS WHATSOEVER !!!!
This is a Great Watch! It's Cool , Stylish , Full of Great Features! Excellent Buy!
It made her eyes pop, and put a big smile on her face. Beautiful craftmanship, and technology.
The watch was as nice as advertised. The shipment arrived on time and everything was in working order.
This gift met my graduates expectations, and Amazon provided the best price on the net.
This is a great watch. Subdued but classy. And you don't have to worry about a battery ever again!
The pic gives an indication that the dial is radiant and shimmering... Instead it is plain white
It is exactly what I was hoping for. A very good accessory for every female.
What a great watch! So lightweight and modern in design. The best part - no need for a battery!
I bought this watch for my dad - he loved it the minute he saw it!
My wife loved it. She wears it as a braclet as described. Has received great complememts.
This is exactly as advertised. The chain appears thick and strong enough to hold up to being caught occasionally.
Tons of fun. Lots of different time zones. The telescope works good. Fun toy!!
Inexpensive yet efficient. Save money by changing your own battery. It's well worth the pitance I paid.
This item is great. Most places don't replace batteries unless you purchased it there, so this product is wonderful.
Beware!!! I should have read all the reviews ... It doesn't work on large watches.
Good for the price, but very loose. Does not hold a setting, but usable, if one is careful.
3 prong adjustment grip provides additional leverage / grip, but patience needed to set two-dimensional adjustment of tool.
this was a good item to have if you have watches with screwed on backs.
Good price and fast shipping helped make this item not only what was needed, but a great purchase too.
This is a great tool for the do-it-yourselfer. It helps save money and works great.
Buy this and fresh batteries from ebay and they're still cheaper than having a shop change the battery once.
The tool is not of the highest quality but it does work. Good for occasional use.
For a low price, it is worth it. It is easy to use. Shipping is reasonable.
Love this watch This is the second one from this company and they are super.
I bought it for my brother in law, it was really good product!
This watch is affordable, practical, and its casual looks make it go well with practically everything
Great price and quality. Not a dress watch but an excellent watch for outdoor activities
Its very light weight and really dud looking. I returned the product back.
cant even feel that u have it on unice featuressporty lookbuy it its cheapvalue for money
If you want a watch that is nearly indestructible, this is the watch for you.
Opened the box -- LOVED it -- put in on -- Loved it more. Perfect sportswatch!
perfect!!!exelnte buena mercancia y en buen estado llego estoy super satisfechoespero poder comprar mas articulos de parte vuestra saludos
El reloj que recib&iacute; a tiempo seg&uacute;n lo ofrecido.Tiene my buenas funciones y el precio es razoble.SaludosXD
An awesome watch. I absolutely love it. Incredible value at this price.
Case thicker then I like however a really nice looking watch, I would buy again.
i live in france, i was surprise than, my watches arrives 3 days later, wonderful,good product.
Got this for my brother's birthday. He loved it. It's a very unique and affordable watch.
Nice look,but the cover is not hard enough.There are some scraches even I took care of it.
This a very handy tool if you like to adjust the bracelet of your watch.
I like it and it work, need something that open wider with longer pins for bigger watch bands.
No problem at all and in fact it was so dog gone easy to use. Very happy!
I used it on a citizen ecodrive and have removed several pins. Not heavy duty, but worked great.
Totally useless for watch band pin removal, the pins provided keep breaking. I would not recommend buying it.
Works exactly as expected, no issues, no damage to the watch band or the pins. Definitely worth the money.
I have used this on three different watches. It is easy to use and quickly gets the job done.
Simple to use without damaging the watch band. Turned a hard job into a very easy one.
It's simple, easy to use and it works. What more could you ask for?
Excellent product - does exactly what it was designed to do and does it well.
watch link remover did everything expected and delivered in timelymanner you can't expect any more
Made of cheap plastic, but it works fine for adjusting watch bands. For the price it is ok.
It came in 3 days but the watch is pretty bad. I'm just wondering what to do with it.
This is a great watch, and I love it! Highly recommended! It came beautifullypackaged from Watchmaxx!
the watch is beautiful,and with class,omega is very good and profi....im very hapyy a chose this watch
I was able to purchase this watch a a very competitive price.Will come back for more shopping.
I bought this watch for a gift. It looks great and it's a Bulova. I definitely recommend this watch.
I get compliments on this watch all the time even though I have other watches that cost considerably more
It doesn't get better than this...beautiful watch, great brand, amazingly cheap price...I couldn't be happier.
A beautiful watch and a great value. Order was well packaged and shipped promptly.
Perfect with suit or "black tie". Compares favorably with finest watches in appearance. Perfect size, elegant but not glitzy.
This is a unique looking watch. It has a rather small face for a men's watch.
Most accurate for a watch in this price range. Very happy with its performance and utility in 'wet' conditions.
This watch is my pride and joy and am proud to wear it as my best.
Hello,Thanks for the quick and safe delivery of Citizen Men's Eco-Drive watch. The watch arrived in excellent condition. Thank-you
Amazon does it again. They beat the local competition by $200. I couldn't pass it up.
I love this watch! It is stylish, very comfortable and goes with everything I wear.
bought as a gift for friend, they loved it. it is a little small for larger wrists though.
Nice watch very well designed clasp easy to open and close Very satisfied and would recomend this watch
An elegant women's timepiece...as it turned out, a perfect gift for my wife on our silver wedding anniversary.
Very good looking watch, accurate and light - about 1/3 lighter than its stainless version.
The watch looks very elegant, but not so much so that you can't wear it casually.
Nice watch with solar battery.May be difficult to adjust band... better have puncher together.
Excellent for its technology.Higher than expected time accuracy.Relatively small - contrary to the currently stupid fashion.
Keeps excellent time.Not very stylish, very tight on my 8 inch wrist.
It's a beautiful and elegant watch, and I wear it every day.
pretty watch, would like to have the heart engraved. Bracelet style. Comfortable, great watch.
Very cute charm watch. Works well. Would be a great gift for a teen or young woman.
Shipment arrived on time (as expected).Owned this piece of clockwork for about a month.So far - no problems.
This watch is water resistant, but not to 99 feet. The materials with it advise hand washing resistance only.
My husband needed a new watch and this is a good one. But he's having trouble adjusting the day.
We bought it as a gift. I can't wait to present it. The watch looks great.
Keeps excellent time - never needs winding or batteries. Bling factor high as well.
First of all, it's beautiful. Second, it is very lightweight. Third, it is fantastic precise.
It looks very nice once you have it in your wrist... Extremely light weight...
Excellent automatic & water resistant watch with large easy to ready numbers. Terrific value -- needs no batteries.
I like this watch. It's reliable and the quality is excellent. Recommended.
A good watch, very light, has not given any problem to me for more than one year!
This watch is stylish, a well-known brand and a really good value! Recommend it 100%!
It's not eco-drived. You need to replace battery maybe in 2 years. The watch itself is just fine.
The free shipping is not slow. 4 days earlier than the earliest estimated arrival time. Excellent performance/price ratio.
A great buying experience! Excellent customer service, fast delivery and a very fair price.Hats off to Amazon!!!
but not over stated. It was a great gift for my husband.
The watch was purchased as a gift and was a great success. A very nice watch for the money.
It is affordable price and beautiful watch I love it very much.
Pros: Looks great, works great, great bergain. Nobody else in my country has one. :)Is a "must have"
Great looking watch. Bracelet is real bad quality, you can even cut yourself . I trashed it. NOT GOOD
I particularly liked the grid on the dial. Nice looking. Rather big though.
The item is beautiful and came in very fast. Extremely happy with the product.
Comfortable, adjustable and well made.... All for under $10.00.!!! You can't go wrong with this product.
Very smart choice. Its big, heavy and very trendy. Good comments about this watch among my friends.
We've owned three now, and given another one as a gift. Obviously, we like it!
Beautiful polished silver tone bracelet with white face and silver hands. Nice as a dressy or casual watch.
I love the watch. I can say enough about the style. I always get complement about it.
the quality fashion watch at an unbeatable price on the net!!!
Has multiple cool features, works really well, and best of all its comfertable!
Lightweight, thin, unobtrusive and comfortable. Very, very sleek, stylish and modern looking. Great watch for the low price.
Saw this product at a department store for double the price. It is beautiful and is of excellent quality.
the band of the watch is not the authentic leather, which should be mentioned previously.
This is a good option for and up 5 1/2 " women, is a little bit heavy too
This model has a great price with ETA and dubois depraz chrono One of the finest watch movements
great watch at a great price, its a movado what else is there to say.
I bought this for my husband's wedding present. He loves it
The watch is everything I wanted and more. Very beautiful everyone tells me how nice it is.
It's been 10 weeks and the wife still loves it. That's pretty much all that matters.
Instructions for setup are a little confusing, but the overall product is acceptable.
Nice watch for the someone serious in your life to express how you feel about her.
I loved the watch but the stopwatch resets at 2 seconds, instead of 0.Shipping time was very fast.
Beautiful watch,looks great and seems to be always "on time". Amazon -thanks 4 fast and prompt shipping!!
I RECEIVED THIS WATCH AND JUST LOVE IT. I GET COMPLIMENTS FROM OTHERS. HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PURCHASE
Beautiful watch, My girlfriend loved it when I gave it to her on Christmas day.
Perfect condition, excellent seller, fast delivery, gracious about return. Thanks a lot.
I loved my whatch, it is beautiful, good size ... I'm very glad about it.
this watch is very nice, looks really expensive and well made, i will recommended to anyone.
It's a sporty, yet dressy watch. I am very pleased with it. On time delivery, as well.
Beautiful watch!! Lots of compliments...extremely impressed and GREAT price as well!! LOVE it!
Got the watch sooner than expected. Great customer service and beautiful product at a very cheap price!
It is a beautiful watch-a nice size for a Women's Chrono. The delivery was also quick.
I love my watch. It is not oversized as one reviewer put it. Great deal for a Bulova!
The watch is beautiful and the service is great. Great product for a great price.
I love this watch. The picture doesn't do it justice. It looks even more beautiful up close.
This was a gift for my future son-in-law. He absolutely loved it, and the price was right.
GREAT PRODUCT FOR THE PRICE. COLOR IS A LITTLE DIFFERENT. IT IS MUCH MORE LIKE A BURNT SIENNA
My husband loves this box. The only draw back is it needs another space or two.
Great Value- best price, and I shopped it extensively.Love it! Gave it to Boyfriend for Birthday! He Loved it!!
I was please when i got this item.well packaged and good quality.Good but for any woman.will buy again
a good watch at a fair price, amazon was terrific in handling the order
Two tone watch looks great with everything. I have had a lot of compliments on it.
Beautiful diamond watch in original Bulova box with tags, for half the price in stores. Thank you!
Looks even better than on the images.VERY elegant.However, the watch is not 100% Swiss-made (the mechanism and the bracelet).
I got this watch for my wedding anniversary. I LOVE THIS WATCH! It's absolutly gorgeous!
Good service and great watchLooks really good, very confortable.Great deal for the price
This is a beautiful and classy looking watch. Not as big as some of the large modern watches.
I like a lot this watch brand and I feel too much confidence buying through this site. Thanks
the word (elegant) describes this watch precisely!the brown leather, the design. Its just perfect!i really love it !
Very nice watch, and the price was right.after several searchings, I found a great deal for this watch.Thanks.
Great product. The navy blue background is nice, and has a nice contrast with the silver bracelet.
very well priced product and very well in handling and shipping would purchase it again
watch is not bad..but transper and shipp charged very expansive....anyway.. not...bad
The watch was sent to me promply, it is sold at a reasonable price and yes, it is beautiful.
It was really the way it was shown in the website. I liked the watch very much.....
Invicta always has great products, just wish I knew it was going to be such a small watch.
The product shipped very quickly and the band is exactly what I was looking for.
Thank you for delivering exactly what was promised -- more than satisfied :)
The watch looks exactly as portrayed in photo. Good construction for a good price. Arrived very fast.
This was an great purchase in time for christmas in great condition.And accurate tracking information.
Great watch band. Very difficult to find back in Trinidad. Durable and stylish!
En realidad es una opci&oacute;n si no encuentras otra, pero en realidad me parece de un material poco resistente.
A dynamic or lets say a dynamite watch. Nothing more to say. Just buy it...
this is good thing to send for me,I like it very much,it's send for me so quickly
I purchased this for half the cost of repairing my Rolex and it looks better and keeps perfect time.
This watch is great, but the only thing about it I didn't like was the digital display to small.
The delivery was made on time. The product is very good and beautiful. Everybody likes it.
The watch was exactly as described. Brand new with full documentation and warranty. Very quick shipment. I love it!
This watch is very, very, very beautiful and i like it.In the new year buy new 58 model
...this is a nice watch bought mainly for its hourly signal beeping that keeps me aware of time....
It is new but i think it is not as good as it looks in the pictures
It arrived on time and OK, veru useful the little tool for remove the pins
The pendant watch was for my wife, and she has been extremely pleased with it.
this item works well and has a very nice long chain and keeps the time
I bought this as a gift for my Mother. She loved it. It was beautiful.
The product was exactly as described and delivery was very timely.
VERY COOL. BOTH CLASSIC AND MODERN, MATURE YET FUN.WORKS BOTH FOR DRESS AND CASUAL.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
Beautiful timepiece. Stylist, elegant andkeeps perfect time. I am very please withthe watch and highly recommend this company.
I use it to check my speed while operating the locomotive and it works great.
The watch on this is okay, but the compass will assist you in actually getting lost.
This watch lasted all of three weeks. Poorly made. Unfortunately I lost my receipt. Do not buy this product.
ANOTHER PULSAR QUALITY TECH WATCH--SOLAR POWERED--SHOCKPROOF-AND HEAVY!!THIS WILL LAST FOR A LONG TIME..YOU WONT BE DISSAPOINTED.
Watch was a gift for my very picky husband. He loved it. looks great on and great price.
Shipped in a very very timely manner. Really happy with service. Watch low price.
Disney Minnie Mouse Out Of Production Watch MU2206Really pretty Disney collectible watch. Shipping was fast. Excellent service. Thanks!
This vendor provides exactly what you order and in a timely manner. What more can one want?
This is an alright watch, however the screen was scratched two minutes after I opened it!
Unfortunately, I have not got it. It was delivered to somewhere. I had to cancelled this order.
Great 2nd or 3rd or 4th watch...Like the back lite for night time view.2 thumbs up I guess.
Best watch I've ever owned......and I've owned a lot. Get it today. Very attractive and accurate time keeping.
This is as great looking watch,but I had to get professional help to set it!
Watch was a good value at the price... lots of good functions, easy to read
This was a perfect deal. Clear description and a shipment with no problems. Communication was not a problem.
I'm using this watch for more than a month. Very happy with it so far.
The watch looks a little thick and is really easy to get scratched. Not so good as expected.
A good product. Light automatically turns on when you tilt your wrist to look at screen at night.
The dial looks fine... but the strap on this watch looks cheap. hope it last good!
So far so good. Nice lighting for night. Only negative is that the crystal is easily scratched
excellent watch. it has style. easy to use,set etc. just wish the band was a little longer.
Picture does not do this angel justice. IT is wonderful!!!! I purchased another one!!! Worth buying.
A cute watch, nice and lightweight. But mine came with a burnt out battery.
This is a superior timepiece. Looks and feels great. I own several watches and this is my favorite.
this is a swiss clock, with a great quality andluxurious. buy the clock is buy a finejewel.
I bought this for my husband. He loved it. It is a great product.We could not be happier.
I bought this for my college age son. It looks great-classy yet cutting edge for the younger crowd.
Fast delivery!!! The product arrived quickly! No defects or any visible scratches! Recommend! A+++++
Clean, simple look, but a hint of elegance with the Roman numerals on the face. Good price too.
It was pretty and worked fine for a couple of months, but then stopped. Oh well.
I made control grounds the genuineness of product in special other shop. It was found ok.
If your phone is any sony ericsson bluetooth enabled equipment, this watch is the best...
it's pretty nice looking, but I rather have it white instead of black background color.
watch was as listed.. works great. it had all the goodies, boxes, books and paperwork. really nice watch..
I purchased this watch withhigh hopes and I was not disappointed. It is very durable as well as classy.
The face of this watch appeared more purple than blue to my eye.
I purchased this it was plastic instead of rubber.Retuned item to seller 3 weeks ago.Never received credit.
Would have been a perfect transaction if instruction booklet came with watch.
The watch is a very good quality watch. It was shipped earlier that originally expected!
Bought this for my daughter's girlfriend who turns 13. She loved it. It is great for a teenager.
Purchased this for my niece and she loved it. It's a great price and bright and colorful!
battery went dead in a week, I misplaced so I never got a refund...disappointed in life of watch
Ditto to comments about the small size of this watch, despite it being called "midsize". Very hard to read!
This a great looking and working watch !The transaction was smooth and friendly .Thanks!
I just got this watch and i must say i love itIt is nice anc chunky and fun
Quite a gift for a little girl. My nephew's little girl loves her watch very much.
Product was speedily delivered, in perfect condition. Still in its original packaging, this Disney item made the perfect gift.
My 5 year old son loves it & company was very friendly!! Thank you :)
Given as a gift to a friend. It is well-crafted & beautiful. Exactly what I was looking for.
Great watch box. Nothing too fancy, but does the job well. Great value for money.
I received this just recently, liked the look of it, and the watches fit fine.It looks nice on display.
Great purchase for the price. Nice quality.. easily fits 10 watches. Given as gift and receipient liked very much.thanks.
The watch box came in beautiful condition and is really a high quality watch case. My fiance loved it.
Nice well built case.Very nice for next to the bed.It is everything they claim it to be.
Great watch, looks very similar to a movado but worth the price. Sharp look and perfect for any occasion.
This watch is the perfect combination of style, quality and awesome price.
I like this case , very elegant, good design , good quality .Price is reasonable .
Gave this watch as a gift. Recipient returned it b/c it was too big and manly looking.
This is a good watch for every day. Pretty yet practical. The luninous dial comes in handy.
Build quality, look, model is perfect.Definetely better than what I saw on web.
Great product, it has big numbers and looks good in your hand if you are a big person.
Great deal for a watch this size, would costs $250 at least in any mall.
i likedis an amazing watch.best gift i bought for me valentine's daythanks for sell this kind of product
most of the INVICTA WATCHES SOLD BY AMAZON FULLFILMENTSare KNOCK OFFS--- PLS. BUYERS BEWARE.I learned it the hard way
Thats a copy of a U-Boat if I have ever seen one. The U-boat looks much better too...
Big @*#&$%* watch DUDE! SO BIG + SO NICE. Great watch from a great resource.
ORDERED FOR MY MENS WATCHES...PRODUCT WAS FOR SMALLER SIZE LADIES WATCHES BUT NOT MENTIONED...RETURNED IMMEDIATELY FOR CREDIT...
Pros:Easy to ReadGreat Price vs ValueLooks GoodIndiglo Feature is Bright!Cons:Wrist Band is Uncomfortable"Loud" Second Hand
Solid watch for the price. Every man needs a simple, slim leather strap watch. This will do.
Great watch for the money. Looks good, easy to read, keeps accurate time, night light a plus.
Nice watch, you will get more than you pay.Recommend it for all of my friendsPresidents love it too!
It was easy, and the seller delivered promptly. And I got it right!! Thanks
Great watch, good value for money. Interval timers are extremly usefull for training, very user friendly. Looks good too.
Excellent service, quick, fast, to the point.... received in perfect conditions... thank you !
It took a little time to get it charged, but it's running beautifully now. Highly recommended!
The watch arrived and looked beautiful, as illustrated on the Amazon website. However, it did not work!
Have had it for years. Exactly what I expected. I have rec'd many compliments over the years/purchased at Amazon.com
The watch arrived very fast, and was in great condition. I was very happy with this order.
Every size I could ever possibly need in a secure case.Just what I needed.
You obviously should only use these on delicate work, like jewerly. They work great for that.
I ordered this gift for my dad, he LOVED this watch. It's great quality!
Great product my daughter was very surprised and loves the watch.
I love the mother of pearl face...the little diamonds are so clear....just a great watch...
I loved this watch. The pearl dial and red strap combination is exquisite.
Great deal, great price. Has a rich look without the cost. Comfortable fit. Would highly recommend. A+
the best watch i ever had in my entire life. very stylish looking
The watch looks great on my husband. It is elegant, yet looks understated for everyday wear.
Just got this watch and it is just a great timepiece. Would recommend it to anyone.
It's a good looking, reasonable priced piece, I hope it looks this good a year from now!
It is a beautiful casual watch. I have a small narrow wrist and it fits perfectly. Great price.
You won't be dissapointed... looks good and works the way it should.
I absolutely love this watch. It was delivered in new condition and works perfectly.
Great value for money. Valued at five times what I paid for it in Australia
Works very accurately. The watch was sent promptly and I recieved it without a problem.Beautiful watch, great price.
Excellent quality, fast shipping, best price. I am very pleased with this purchase.
product arrived on time, nicely packaged with all paperwork. nice looking watch, and my husband really loved it. 8-)
I am very pleased with this watch! A classic to keep!!!Excellent service from Amazon!!!
The watch is great, but what was even better was the service I received. Very pleased.
This is an amazing watch. And the customer service I received was outstanding.
This watch is everything Seiko says it is and more. Very precise and a real steal for the money.
No surprises, no problems. Watch was as advertised and authentic. Receipient loved it. Highly recommended.
Very attractive watch and easy to read. Shipped promptly without excessive charges. Good value.
The watch was great and the service first rate. Buy from this company or person!
Sleek looking watch, but watch face is smaller than I expected from photo.
I bought this watch and loved it until I lost it in a hotel room. Bring it back please!
Bought it for my wife...she is picky and she liked it. Nice, no problems
RUNS GREAT & LOOKS GREAT. SMALLER WRISTS WILL HAVE TO HAVE A LOT OF LINKS REMOVED IN THE BRACELET.
Exactly as pictured. Excellent value-right on the button.Was sent in a timely fashion.Absolutely all positive-- no complaints at all!!
the real watch is so nice ans shipping service is very impressive.Moreover, it is cheap!!!
A great watch for the price. My wife has a little wrist and it looks great on it.
However the bezel does not move as is says in the product description, but I love it still.
I am very happy with the quick service and the quality of the watch.
Nice watch that seems to get noticed because of the face color and size.
The tv has excellent pictures and is relatively easy to operate.
Never received this item. Did not have enough money on my credit card for this purchase.
SEE MY OTHER REVIEWS FOR THIS WATCH.1.THE STRAP 2.RED LETTERING ARE WHAT I LIKE BEST.
This Watch Is Very CoolEvreybody saw me wearin' it Liked It So MuchAnd The Black Metal shines Good
Its big! hehe no more comments its a REALLY great watch! u'll make yourself notice xD
My 8 year old son has had this watch for 8 months and it has never left his arm.
super sized watch. very unique, great with jeans to add an eye-catching distinctive look !
Beautuful watch, beautiful color, i love Diesel watches and this one is my favorite!!!
Its beatiful but very delicated, the bizel is expouse to crashes and the red and blue paint look shady.
Yep, it looses around five or six minutes everyday. I think it is enough to say.
I had no problem with this watch. Is very beautiful and is working perfectly fine.
It arrived on time and just like its photo. Got many compliments on it that I lost track ;)
Clean lines, comfortable, easy to read -- a great watch for the price. So far, accurate, too!
The watch was just as described. Brand new! fast shipping especially for christmas time! Thanks
Beautiful. Paid expedited shipping, but didn't receive until day after Christmas. My fault shouldn't have waited.
Really nice, good size. Get so many complimentsJust wish it had a toggle clasp, not easy to put on
Looks wonderful and I presented for my mom for mother's day and she liked it.
Nice watch with numbers which are easy to see. Great quality for the price.
very beutiful watch I just have trouble seeing the hands because they blend in with the back ground
I like very much the the item I Bough and it had a good price
Nice watch for the price paid. Purchaser should be a handy person to clean the inside of the crystal.
RUSH TO BUY THIS WATCH,,,U CANT GO WRONG FOR THE PRICEI LOVE IT AND GET ALOT OF COMPLIMENTS
Everything just as described - my wife loves it, and was sure I had spent $200, not $50.
Perfit fit for my Casio AMW. Exactly the same band but half the price from casio.
I bought as a replacement for my Casio DBC-150 Databank-150 watch. Very nice replacement.
Very Good watch. It looks modern and diaphanous. It fits for girls a lot.
Plus, a very helpful tool for changing watchbands was included free.
Not Seller's faultGreen band turned my wrist REDHad to get rid of
Nice purchase - big and bold sport piece - a little on the heavy side though
My son is in Korea teaching English to preschoolers. The watch was for his birthday. He loved it
Product is as promised and delivered on time. Met my needs. Good group to do business with.
This watch band worked fine with our timex watch. It is not perfect but works fine.
Great watch the numbers are large and easy to read. Is exactly what I was looking for
The watch is very elegant, suitable for elders as well and very catchy.
just received this watch----it is great in every aspect--it has everything you ever need--I love it
YOU WON'T BE DISSAPOINTED WITH THIS "CASIO QUALITY" TYPE WATCH...FUNTIONAL-MASCULINE-HEAVY AND DRESSY.
busted on arrival. buttons did not work... also, pic on amazon suggests a white face; it's not, it's silver.
This watch is as advertised. does everything I wanted it to do, and looks stylish to boot.
This watch is perfect. It was a gift for an Army friend. He loves it!
Very good watch, nice looking, I get compliments all the time.I love it.
good metal one. if you need a cheap and reliable metal watch, you should get it.
The best watch that i have purchase from Timex. Is a little heavy but is ok.
This watch was bought as a gift in 2008 and is still working fine. Straps and all!
The product arrived here in time, and it's very nice. Very well packed and very nice Vendor.
The watch is nice but the directions to set the watch are not easy to understand.
I've had the watch for about 3 weeks and I really like it better than i expected.
I just love this watch. Very stylish while not having to break the bank!
I use this watch for work. The dual time pc comes in handy. It keeps perfect time.
This item is great has big numbers and make a great gift for young ladies
This watchband fit my Timex Ironman Triathlon Indiglo watch perfectly. I had this watch for at least 10 years.
It was a perfect way to encourage him to learn to tell time. He loves it.
Was exactly what I wanted, even came with the current time set. Made a wonderful gift! Thanks
Arrived on time. Looked great. Entire transaction was completely hassle free. Everything worked the way it was promised.
Great watch! Many compliments and the pictures do not do it justice. Very classy with the Skagen design. ;o)
I have this watch as a favorite. It has an expensive look. Very comfortable to wear.
LOOK NOTHING LIKE WHAT YOU SEE HERE THE WATCH STOP WORKING WITHING WEEK'S
Ladies watch was delivered on time and as represented. I would buy from company again
The shippment of the watch was both fast and efficient! The products condition couldn't be better!
With its clean, minimalist styling and low wrist profile, this was a much-welcomed gift.
The watch was just what I wanted and it was shipped and recieved in a very timely fashion
Very beautiful watch. Works great and makes a great gift for the picky man in you life.
I bought this watch for my boyfriend. He loves it. Excellent quality... looks great!! He receives tons of compliments.
It's very nice watch!!A little bit hard when put it on but I like it.
just as presented, best price out there (and i checked) and i'd definetly do business with these folks again.
This Skagen watch is beautiful. I got it in recored time,and it was even prettier than the picture.Love it!
The watch looks fine, but arrived with a dead battery. So much for saving a trip to the jeweler...
This is one excellent watch. It's very stylish and unique and by far the best watch I've ever owned.
This is a solid time piece at a great price. I highly recommend it.
solid build with good weight; great complement to casual (jeans and a button down) or business attire. very recommended.
This is Good and excellent Watch I like it very much and recomend to anyone.
great watch amazon knows good quality items at an unbelievable prices Movado watch under 300 [..] yep
Surely unique but too bulky and heavy for a watch. Just my opinion though; you might still like it.
For s medicasl student who has tiny wrists. It is very visible and fits great
ROFLMAO!I don't know if this watch is worth $10K or not but the "dictator's" review was priceless.
Is nice, light, doesnt hurt in your hand, can see the watch whenever you want.... its perfect
Water got in after a surf session. Worked in the water ok for about a year.
The solar power watch is still ticking after 1.5 years. But the wrist band has broken.
The band material is not leather(maybe manmade leather?). I hate the band. I don't want to use it.
Nice looking watch, keeps great time and goes from jeans to dress in a snap
Very cool watch. Owned by a friend of mine, it's a constant eye catcher that never fails to impress.
Love the watch-Received it promptly- it's easy to read, stylish,comfortable, and lights up for reading in the dark.
I am very pleased with this product. Very pleased indeed. Good choice. Excellent response. Thank you very much.
Very good watch for the price. However, the date number is so small as to be useless.
Easy to read but band stiffI hope it will soften upOverall though it's a good quality for the price
So far, so good; keeps great time and is a nice size; easy to read and fashionable too.
At last -- a watch which is both comfortable to wear and easy to read, even in the dark!
Purchased as gift. Pleased with product, attractive looking, received promptly. Only complaint has been when date changes.
Easy to read dial, simple leather band, no frills but an excellent watch for the price.
love what it does, good size, looks tough, it is, nothing to complain about, so am happy.
My family is all texas long horn fans, ordered this for my son, very nice, quality and good price.
Will not stay working. I've had several , same story.Try a Xikar, much much better.
This watch arrived exactly as described by vendor: brand new. I would buy again from this seller!
love it! big display and good formatnice black resin band, water proof, great for runners or joggers.nice watch
since the product was not received I cannot give a good review for this transaction
I just got this today..its soo cute its sleep and modern..I got 3 comments right off the bat.
easy to read dialvery inexpensivelooks like a higher quality watchkeeps accurate time
My son loves this watch...easy on and easy off... great for him and looks good too!! Very Pleased
This watch has most everything you would need in a watch and the price is right...inexpensive.
The product was much better than the picture. I love it. The delivery was fast. Thank you!
The watch was exactly what I was looking for. It is beautiful to wear for dress up or casual.
Color was not as purple as I thought it would be which I like even better. Great Watch!!
Great bang for your Buck!Looks great, works great, and the Timex name.
nice watch...fast shipping...packed well...great product...have purchased several Skagen watches in the past...never any problems...quite pleased...will buy more
It was received quicker than I was promised. It is a simple watch but keeps accurate time. Good Quality.
VERY NICE WATCH,SWISS MADE , WITH ETA MOVEMENT,GOT IT FOR AN EXCELLENT PRICE FOR WHAT IT IS.
Within a day I scratched the lens. Within a week the black powder coat had rubbed off. Terrible product.
Fashionable brand watch at a real good price, nice links.BONUS!!It comes in a Perry Ellis suede case.
This watch is simply stunning: the perfect combination of elegance and style. I absolutely love it.
The watch is more beautiful than the website photo. I am very pleasnt with it. I recommned to everyone...
I had wanted an Omega, but bought this watch for two thousand less. Good looks. Keeps good time.
this watch is solid and beautiful...im a car person so the carbon fiber look suits me perfectley.
I thought this was a great Christmas idea, but the recipient did not, so it was returned without difficulty.
Beautiful - looks like it costs much more than I actually paid for it!
Way worth the moneyit was a gift and my dad loves it.
product is made strong ilike it only problem will not fit a43mil or bigger watch
Beautiful Burlwood Watch storage case. Also, wonderful for those oversized cuff bracelets and watches.
I previously submitted a review for this product. My experience was extremely satisfying in every aspect!
This watchbox was absolutely perfect - high quality - just as advertised AND a great value for the price!
This watch case shows off my watch collection quite nicely. I have bought three cases already. Would recommend.
Beautiful...it is just as it was described. This was very affordable and my husband really loved it.
this case is absolutely beautiful! it looks waaay more expensive than it actually was and my fiance loves it.
Delivery time was outstanding. The product itself arrived in excellent condition & the quality was excellent.
Very nice looking top part of box with glass window. You can also hold more watches underneath.
watch case is beautiful!! mailed to us very quickly. would reccommend amazom to anyone.
The watch works well for me, although learning and remembering all the functions is a challenge.
very nice buy, my husband likes it.he wears it to work and to swim. no complain.
so cheap i think it may not even be a REAL timex.dont waste ur time
the watch was fine, no problems, but the bracket that holds the band broke so it couldn't be fixed
I've bought this watch for a month, and it's working great.I have no complain.
This watch was very inexpensive and will outlast the Nike my son had before! No problem...
It was an incredible purchase. The watch is very trendy and originally engineered.
Speedy delivery; excellent shape/condition of product very impressed. Would definetly buy from seller again. Thank you
Works great for me the only thing is that the light comes on when pushing something heavy.
The product was shipped promptly, received in good shape, was what I ordered and I was properly billed.
This is a great , reliable watch with excellent functionality. I highy recommend it!Tom
I'm very happy with this watch. It is affordable and has everything I need: lights up in the dark.
she said she got all she needs from this watch, no extra stuff. cute looking
Very good watch. I'm happy with it. Keeps good time. I would buy again through Amazon...
This Disney watch is perfect for teachers of young children. Kindergarten kids love it! And it keeps time!
I can't hear any music at all, but love the watch for what it is: A MICKEY WATCH!
Be warned, this a woman's watch. That is all. If it were men's size it would be perfect.
This watch is absolutely gorgeous! And the fact it doesn't require a battery is such a bonus!
It's very good looking and easy to handle.I'm really glad that I got it.
This is a good, sturdy watch and is easy to read, no matter if it is light or dark.
Bought for my wife and she loves it, it is far more elegant than I imagined.
Exactly what I wanted. Not too dressy and not too casual. Goes with pretty much everything.
I'm very happy with this watch. It looks great, and is light-weight and comfortable too. Delivery was prompt.
I absolutely love this watch. It is a lovely piece of jewelry as well as a fine timepiece.
Product delivered fast. I am very happy with the watch I bought. Will definitely recommend this vendor.
This is a beautiful watch. I purchased it for my husband for our anniversary. I would recommend it.
This is a nice watch. It looks good, keeps excellent time, but was a little difficult to set initially.
This watch is good looking, lightweight & accurate. I especially like the tri-lingual options in setting the calendar.
Awesome. I bought this watch as a holiday gift for my wife. She shows it off all the time.
This is what she wanted...a work watch with a strap. Cannot go wrong with this one!
Great deal and gift. If you want something different and at a good price.
Fast shipment and new just like you said, made my charismas holidays a great year Thank you...
This watch was shipped very promptly, and it works great. Great for everyday.
My daughter loves her Cinderella watch and it fits her wrist which is bigger than most girls.
The speed of delivery after order was excellent. The watch came exactly as expected.
Great watch. Very professional looking. Solar power eco-drive is nice feature.
Pros:1. Nice looking2. Sturdy3. Eco-drive: No battery neededCons:1. Heavy2. Date needs adjustment every month3. Complicated controls
The shopping was made easy. The product was received in good condition and on time.
A very elegant watch for the money. I only wish it had a perpetual calendar.
i love very much, is excelentCitizen Men's BL8000-54A Eco-Drive Calibre 8700 WatchCitizen Men's BL8000-54A Eco-Drive Calibre 8700 Watch
Delivery was quick, item was perfectly and was in excellent condition. The price was also very reasonable.
I am totally satisfied with this purchased. The watch was delivered to me very quickly.
I have 4 chronograph Watches with world time this one rate in the top two.
bought it as a gift for a friend. it looks great and works very well.
I love to put this baby on my wrist..love it when people glance. Very sporty watch.
This is a very beautiful watch! I have always owned Citizen watches. The price is DEFINATELY right.
AFTER 5 YEARS OF LOOKING AND TRYING WATCHES, THIS ONE DID THE JOB.....GREAT WATCH, SUPER PRICE,
I thought is was great when it arrived. Professional high-end gift packaging from Citizen and a super beautiful watch.
I got the watch in time. It's a piece of art, I'm very satisfied.
My favorite watch. Looks like it should be heavy, but the Titanium is deceiving. Stays charged... never a problem.
The watch was of the quality that I expected from Seiko. The shipping was in a timely manner.
Watch was what I expected and arrived when I thought I'd get it.
this is an awesome dress watch from kenneth cole, worth every penny, looks classy too !!
very nice watch. Got what i expected. But its a bit heavy to wear.
Its was a good experience purchasing from Amazon. I got what i ordered. The delivery was on time.Thnx Amazon.
Great value. Looks nice, easy to read, good fit, and the alarm function works well.
Calibri pocket watch: PWS095839,is perfect as a gift to a friend who likes Calib1ri weatches. . .
i love this watch and receive lots of compliments on it. it is sporty and classy
Perfect dress watch!Looks very elegant, simplistic and classy.Guess watch at a really low price!Girls will luv it instantly!
Great looking watch. Recipient of this gift was very happy. As an avid golfer, the strap was just right.
I bought this watch a few months ago and absolutely love it. It's a great time piece.
Product was delivered quicker than advertized and is a great watch/ heart rate monitor for the price. Thanks.
This is a great watch! Easy to read screen, easy to push buttons, very good menus and functions!
I am completely satisfied with this watch. It is an excellent practical watch, just as I expected.
It takes a lickin and keeps on ticken. I guess they don't tick anymore, but you get the picture.
Purchased for a Christmas gift for my son and he was thrilled with it.
Great watch! i would recommend everybody to buy this for such great price.
This watch is hard to find. My husband loves them! Quick service from Amazon!
I bought this watch for my wife she wears daily since then. It is accurate, looks good and expensive.
This is a very good purchase. The look on the wrist is just sleek!
This is a beautiful watch that is very becoming on the wrist. Good value.
I really love this watch and this company for excellent customer service. Watch is as exact description.
no working battery and enclosed instructions say a new battery doesnt cost much--in process of returning item
This watch is beautiful! It just goes with everything, dressy, casual and sporty. Super value - great watch!
I have had Anne Klein watches for the last 10 years and would not buy anything else.
Very nice watch; however, the band is very difficult to adjust, and will destroy your fingers.
The watch was at a great price.It looks elegant, yet is very simple. I love it. Thanks.
This watch is fantastic. My boyfried loved it. He hasn't taken it off since christmas.
HelloThe watch arrived inperfect conditions,looks very well,expensive,but the best is that is very beautiful.Thanks Amazon!!!!!
The watch was more beautiful than I pictured and made a wonderful christmas gift!!
This watch is very handsome. Service and delivery was terrific.Thank you !
Great product, great price, great service. Ordered mid day Wednesday and recieved Friday, just in time for the weekend!
High quality, good looking, excellent watch. My wife was very happy with this watch.
The watch was more then I expected, very lovely time piece to add to my collection.
The item arrived earlier than expected. We are satisfied with the purchase. It was a wonderful experience.
I was pleased with my purchase. Packaging was good and I love my new watch
nice watch at a good price.it took 18 days to recive it.
I have both the DZ4124 & DZ4125. They are great looking & always get compliments from others!
Got the watch a week earlier than the expected delivery date. Recommended Seller! Two Thumbs up!
Nice watch. Only issue is with the band which needs a jeweler to adjust
Very good looking, low profile, It is comfortable, definitly I'm very happy with this purchase.
Brand new in the box with all papers. Build quality appears to be on par with Bulova.
I bought this as a gift and it looks great! I hope that it lasts a long time.
looks great works great . The manual is so small I need a magnifying glass to read it ,
Quicker service than stated! My other one was worn out, so I was glad to receive it sooner.
Bracelet is on the cheap side but a great day to day watch. Very light.
Excellent value for the price.....a handsome watch that gets lots of compliments when people see me wearing it.
I enjoy this watch very much, it is one of the coolest if ever had
The battary just does not have enough umff. but the clook itself is impresesive.
Better quality than the original strap that came with the watch. The chromed buckle is very sturdy.
U have had ir for a lil while now,and it still works great.For the price what a bargain!
Item exactly what I was looking for a nice looking childrens watch that looked like an adults.
A well crafted watch, however I purchased the two-tone. The gold tone wore-off within the first month.
This watch is a great watch. It has a classy look. I am really enjoying the watch.
Nice manly looking bulky watch. I would have liked to see this model in a bit rounder shape.
Item arrived quickly and as mentioned in the title, was a hit with my teenage son.
pretty watch, but it never kept the correct time - even after replacement of battery.
The watch arrived earlier than expected. I am so happy with the product. It exceeded my expectations!
The watch is beautiful on the wrist and lightweight. I have had many compliments.
An excellent watch to start a collection with. Polished and classic. I was highly impressed when I received it!
I got this watch for my girl friend's birthday! She loved it! I highly recommend this gift to everyone.
This is a great watch. Handsome and stylish. Great for casual or formal wear. Dependable.
This is a really nice watch it can be wrn everyday or on a special occasion
Wife loves it. Perfect for a petite woman. Looks well made and is beautiful.
Great watch,it`s even nicer than the discription and the picture.Arrived at time in excelent conditions.
Dial is hard to read and the watch did not keep time I returned it.
This is a great deal!! The watch compliments any wardrobe and I have recieved endless comments on it's appearance.
Quality like this is a steal at $100. I am very happy with this purchase.
The watch came as in perfect condition as described and the entire transaction was as it should have been.
I wasn't happy about the actual size of the watch. It was too bulky
Great bargain and a solid watch. I only wish they had other bands than rubber.
Excellent Watch (Eco-Drive) I would spend the extra hundred and purchase the titanium.
The watch is wonderful! My husband is thrilled with it. Thank you.
I got this for my husband for Father's Day and he says it is the best gift ever!
Excellent product received few days before promissed date. It is exactly what I had expected.
Forget the Omega's, Rolex's or other over priced "Buying the Name Watches". This is one awesome watch.
This watch is amazing. I love it. I must have for anyone who loves watches. Well worth every penny.
Everything as it should be. excellent watch, super service. No complaints what so ever!!
Excellent watch! Already taken a beating and I've had it for only two months, built very well.
The title says it all! A great, thin, and light weight watch. Also, its from a reliable manufacture.
many compliments although it is somewhat a heavy watch- i like the look, time and non scratch crystal.
G-Elite Designer Brand style Fashion Bangle Watch BN-5006- LOOKS VERY NICE - BATTERY DONT LAST LONG
I am totally pleased with this purchase.Recommended to anyone looking for a hefty, good looking man's or boyfriend's watch.Awesome!
very pleased with purchase, watch offers multiple bands allowing combination options. Rugged watch with excellent weight and feel.
This watch is amazing. have a great look and it work very nice for swing and dive.
Good price, very nice, high quality. It is one of the best watches i have purchased in the life
The title says it all - it's a simple, black, rubber watch. No frills. It works. I like it.
The watch arrived quickly and well-packaged, and it has functioned well. I am pleased with the purchase!
Previously owned this model watch - was very glad to find it again. Excellent quality and battery life.
Watch is nice looking, seems to be performing well, a nd was reasonably priced.
I have had great difficulty finding a metal digital watch. I love this one.
This is a classic, beautiful watch - that looks very elegant on my wifes wrist !
It is smaller than what it is shown in the website.Quality is cheap.Watch is like a faded color.
This is the most reliable watch I've ever owned. I buy them all the time!
This is the perfect watch. Extremely accurate. All the features you need. Incredibly low price.
The watch was brand new and in original packaging. Well worth the money!
A nice watch. Very good quality. A nice solid piece for a very reasonable price.
This is a beautiful watch with useful features to me. Excellent relation cost/benefit (US$55). Strongly recommended.
So what I write may even be true... A cute item. Classy packaging. Makes a wonderful gift!
This watch is great, it works well high qualityAnd the famous brand name , big diametar,i like it .
Great to do business with!! The goods were delivered fast without any problems!!!!I recommend this seller HIGHLY!!!!
This is a very useful set. Can't believe how easy it makes changing battery, highly recommend.
Hey - - it's a watch.It tells time.VERY thin.Stylish.Hey - - it's a watch..Merlin
el reloj tiene tremenda pulsera no es hecha en china todo japones buerda de toyota
Very nice, not your fly weight, makes you know that you are wearing something on your wrist.
I love this watch. It's very stylish, comfortable, and matches any other jewelry you wear.
Watch band is a little too large! Wish I could take out one link...
It is a watch well made. The leather band is elegant and makes the watch look different.
For $40 it was a bargain. Dial appears slightly bigger than expected. Everything else was fine.
The product arrived on good conditions, this watch have a good envelop and it have a excellent desing.
Outstanding quality of leather belt, with a fold-over-clasp that makes the watch look different.
I bought it as a birthday gift to my wife, and she loves it.It is a nice watch.
Solid watch, great blue leather band, conversation worthy for its groovy elegance. And its waterproof for the shower-prone.
This watch showed up in a timely manner, in great condition and looking exactly as advertised.
This is my first Kenneth Cole peice and it has lived up to my expectations.Gorgeous!
I am really pleased with this watch. It came quickly and was exactly as ordered.
I love this watch, but removing links from the band was very difficult and the directions included were awful!!
My favorite sports watch. Simple, easy to use. Couldn't live without my daily alarms.
Bouth this for my 16 year old kid and it was broken in less than a month, really disappointed!!
this is a great watch. I have had it for a few yrs. No complaints!
I bought this watch for my mother. And she loves it... A lovely gift for someone special :)
The watch is beautifull, however is not original. Still is fair price.
Looks great, get nothing but compliments on it! The time is very easy to read, recomend to all.
I didnt get what I want, I was shown two tone watch and they shipped steel watch.
this is such a classy watch. i wear it all the time. it goes w/ everything.
bought it a few days ago.Turns out it is NOT water resistant.
This is a simple, really classy watch that seems to be well built! Looks great with just about anything!
This is a super looking watch, and am looking forward owning one. Very very sharp and well built..
I gave this to a friend in a local doll club for her birthday. She absolutely loved it.
It was as seen on the website and a great price compared to the instore offer!
This watch band was much nicer than the band it replaced. Very substantial and comfortable.
Purchased for relative. She's very happy with her new watch. The condition was excellent and keeps very good time.
This is a great watch for anyone who doesn't care what time it is. Dependably inaccurate.
the watch that came was not the same of the picture, even the color of the straps were changed...
Nike Presto is the best watch out there for busy ladies, bar done.
I wore the watch twice and the clasp was faulty. I lost the watch that second wearing.
I was looking for a digital watch with an adjustable band. I got exactly what I wanted.
Just the watch I wanted, got price, promt service.who could ask for more! Would definately buy here again.
Great watch. Came earlier than expected, with a warranty. I may buy more for gifts to friends.
nice watch for a little girl or for the inner eeyore fan in every girl.
Great watch! Very stylish and easy to read. Many compliments everytime my wife wears it.
Cute, but you'd have to have the tiniest wrist in the world for it to fit comfortabtly
Excellent watch!!!!Amazing Belt texture.....Sturdy design....Formal and semi formal.....Amazon is great!!!Prompt delivery and Excellent service...
This is a nice watch but too big for my wrist. I should have checked the dimensions first.
The watch arrived ahead of schedule. It looked even better than the picture. It exceeded my expectations.
I got this watch for my wife and she loves this stylish and unique time piece.
I think that watch is very unusual and color blue makes it look amazing.
Product as advertised. Received on time. Keeps good time and easy to read. Completely satisfied.
but it's HEAVY!!!It will provide you with a continuous fitness excercise.Quality is supreme, night light excellent.
The ordering processing is painless. The item arrived earlier than expected. We are satisfied with the purchase.
my item was shipped quickly and the price was very good for the excellent item I received.
this watch is bought by my friend, so I don't know how to say the opinion of her
i bought this watch to wear for work but end up wearing it everywhere. its really nice
Good model of clocks of small wrist, shines very well and is and is excellent product. recommending
This watch is really nice and i got it really fast. My fiancee will love it...Thanks
The item was shipped quickly and exactly as promised. Would definetaly do business with this person again.
it's very big!!!! is totally diferent to the picture! i don't like it. looks very current
It is very nice watch if you like big watches. It is also very thin
This watch was just what I imagined to be.It is beautiful!Thank you so much.
Top Class item. Absolutely brilliant a really nice piece and good value for money.*****
Like it very much I just might buy it in late May 2006...
If you are looking for something sporty and beatifull this is a great one for your collection
Returned the watch because it was larger than expected.Nice looking but probably more suited for younger people.
Against this outlooks and price, solar charge, wave time adjust, and world clock. Nice for daily usage.
Bought for my wife and she has worn it ever since. She absolutely loves it!!!
I bought it for my little sis, but the clear strap becomes yellowish after a while...
I WAS VERY SATISFIED WITH EVERY ASPECT OF THIS TRANSACTION. I WOULD ABSOLUTELY RECCOMMEND THIS SELLER.
Purchased Casico Ladies watch fair price, product received exceeded expectations.J.N. Omaha, NE
great watch at a great price..leather strap should be treated with care...I do not get mine wet
I bought this for my husband going to Afghanistan and he loves it. It's a great watch!
My husband loves it except for the buttons. They're a little too hard to press.
The only work and play watch to have tough and looks good. recommed forevery day use.
Everything went smooth. Good watch, lost my 1st G-Shock, this is the replacment. Only wish I purchased another Solar.
I am well pleased with the Casio Mudman watch. It iseverything I wanted in a low cost watch
This watch is everything as advertised. Tough durable, many different features. Awesome product for the money!
I am will pleased with my purchse. My watch arrived quickly. A very good purchase.
great watch so far..light button stiff as hell still after 8 month but built like tank
Love this watch. Great functionality and better band attachment than other G-Shock configurations. Thumbs all the way up.
Needed a new band for my 44mm chronograph. Leather Banda looks great and feels perfect.
The quality was excellent and the shipping was fast also!Highly recommend!!!
Great replacement watch bands at a reasonable price. Seller most helpful and pleasant to deal with.
This is a great watch for the price. Very well made and looks good on the wrist.
Good, but not enougth...the materials are bad, my child played per weeks with it.
This watch is a replica of the real thing therefore should not be advertise/sold as the real watch.
Great quality, easy to read, and lightweight! Can't ask for more out of a watch.
The Item was good, satisfied my expectations. Important the shiping company, in this case was UPS.
Very nice watch, but it is too huge and heavy for me. Had to return it.
i just can say, the watch is perfect for a modern bussines lady, thanks dear seller
Great watch. Picture does not do it justice. It is very functional, keeps great time and it looks great.
Very good watch. Wenger is the right choice before Victorinox and Tissot chrono quartz watches.Go and but it!
I love the watch. It's a bit confusing to configure but worth the buy.
Great item and very robust, all excellent, temp though does need to be off wrist for accurate external temp
Received today. It look great and feels good too. The whole face glows in the dark...Great buy
I am very happy with this watch. It is accurate, legible and looks good. Highly recommend.
This watch run great with a eta 2824-2 movement.It keeps good time and looks good on the wrist to.
I bought it for my husband. He loves it. It is really thin and well designed.
Great watch! Superb quality and you can NOT beat the price. Many compliments from this sturdy beauty! ;o)
Product arrived on time as indicated. My wife loved the gift very much.It's a beautiful, elegant and simple watch.
Pretty lousy design-does not look like it is described here-I returned it-the blue version is much better looking
It was a gift for my son.I haven't asked about it since then,so I assume all went well.
got a watch that was all scratched up and a mess.not happy.sellers were rude.
I like this watch a lot, as it has classic styling and goes with everything else I wear.
He wears it every single day for over a year now and it's holding up fine.
I'm always satisfied with invicta products and I'm especially pleased that Amazon.com has a relationship with them.Thank you
It is a nice watch. I have been wearing it since I bought it almost a year go.
The savings I found at amazon can not be beat. This watch is such a large amount of savings
Excellent in terms of functionality, appearance, durability and comfort. All at a very affordable price.
Good price for a G-Shock quality product;Solar power works excellent (in CA);And so does the time sync
This watch is good but it is too heavy to wear.
Never off time, never wind, never re set, the true lazy person's watch!
very stable. anti-shock. sufficient power supply with regular out door wearing.
WATCH IS A VERY STURDY AND WATER RESISTANT TIME PIECE HOWEVER, THE RESIN BAND IS VERY UNCOMFORTABLE AT TIMES.
Works great. Must put by a window to get the nist signal.
I am very pleased with this purchase of a Timex from Amazon and as usual pleased with Amazon.
Nice finish, fairly quiet, very easy to use. First watch winder so I have nothing to compare it to.
the watch was in good condition. but the battery was low and after 2 weeks it was dead
The watch was delivered on time. It came with the little box; everything was in great, like new condition.
Wonderful watch, easy transaction, given as a birthday present, recipient loved that it came in a can.
I never got it. When i contacted the vendor they say they have delivered. sucks big time....
I'M REALLY HAPPY TO GET IT, IT WAS AN ANNIVERSARY GIFT, AND MY WIFE IS VERY HAPPY...
This is NOT a real Technomarine. It is a fake, probably made in China. Complete rip-off.
I love this watch. It is very sleek and looks great with casual or dress clothes.
I am very happy with my new Movado Vivo. It is a practical and elegant jewel!
A gift, this watch is good for every day as well as formal. Sleek, elegant watch with good price.
perfect timepiece. No problem with accuracy. Super sleek with smooth movement. Excellent price and timely shipping
I am very satisfied with this watch. It is thin and light. It is very good looking.
The Skagen watch came in time for Christmas and my husband was thrilled. Very good price too!
Tried buying one on ebay, too much hassle. Got what I wanted no problem.
This is a great lighter as all Zippo's are but this USN emblem is very pretty. Darrell
We Bought these for friends in India.Was embarrassed as the Emblem fell off with in 2-3 days of use.
It's a big Watch, but very stylish, ideal for galant meetings and the everyday. Very reccommended!
Nice watch all around with good quality workmanship. The only negative quality is the calendar letters being too small.
Qucik easy and lovely product!!! One of the only sellers who would deliver to me!
it's kind confusing to adjust the time and date at first, but overall it is a good simple watch.
Very nice watch. Looks like it is worth more than it did. Wife was very happy.
This watch is absolutely gorgeous. My husband loves it. Looks great, wears well and gets lots of compliments!
Nice watch from Seiko for MEN to wear either as dress, sports or casual watch!
The Product is good and is as described. DO not have any problems as of now.
The watch looks great, functions well, and is comfortable on my wrist. I'm a satisfied buyer.
Product came quickly and was exactly as described. Works great and easy to use.
Good looking watch, very cheap construction. I returned this item the same day I received it.
Very nice watch, prompt delivery. We are very happy with the purchase.Many thanks
All i gotta say this watch is so worth the money! beautiful watch with excellent presence!
I bought this Watch and it is amazing. Great price and great deal.I'll buy again. I'll recomended.
porque el producto llego a la fecha estipulada y en excelentes condiciones.La puntualidad.si lo recomendaria a mis amistades.
muy hermoso tamano grande realmente 43 milimetros, terminacion excesionalestoy muy complacido, Lo recomiendo.
This was a gift, which the person loved, and I loved the price, $30.00 cheaper than everywhere else
this watch is a durable, fantastic watch with a good reputation. thank you amazon!!!!!!!!!!1
Fast Shipping, and great costumer service. The cuality of the product is a top choice.
This watch was a prize and the luck person who wone it just loves it.
I bought this for my granddaughter for her birthday and she loves it. Even the color was right
Bought this jewelry box for my teenage daughter. Sheloves it and it really keeps her jewelry all inone place.
Swanky sporting watch..got a true fit.I even purchased the gold its slightly different but just as nice.
Nice looking watch, works just like an swiss watch should. A bit expensive to change battery.
Great product. Watch is stylish and elegant. Clasp is very secure and bracelet design very nice.
This watch works. It's simple and easy to use so don't worry about the color.
it is an excellent watch. it has a cool appearance and charisma as much as a rolex submariner.
Can't get a better watch for the money.A lot of junk out there...this is really worth the money....excellent product.
Great watch.Not a Rolex, but then again who wants to pay 5000 to know what time it is....
It was just what I expected and I am pleased with the purchase.
Me and my wife are training for a 1/2 marathon. The watch is great. easy to see and work.
I still have not recieved this item, and it has been over a month since I ordered it.
I bought this as a gift for my son, he is very happy with this Seiko,good price
I really liked this watch. And I was delivered exactly what the product description had.
Nice fancy watch, quite shiny, doesn't loose luster, still works after a year.Very nice (I wear it daily)
Bought this watch as a Christmas gift. It is absolutely beautiful, and the recipient was very happy with it.
only thing i don't like is the volume of the alarm, too low.
this watch is amazing great buy for the price very impressed with the quality of the watch mkay
Very nice automatic watch. Arrived one day sooner than I expected. Interesting design.
A great buy for the money. Well built and looks great. Keeps better time than my Rolex.....
very nice watch, all documents came as promised with nice tag box.
This watch is everything I'd hope for and more. It is well worth the money. I LOVE it!
exactly what i ordered. exceeded my expectations. quickly arrived - only needed one link taken in.
This watch is a thousand times better looking than it already looks on the pictures. Excellent deal!
Nice looking,quiet,decent price add up to a smart choice for a watch that keeps good time. Rick H.
I get so many compliments on this watch. It looks very much like a watch sold by Tiffany's.
This watch is even more beautiful in person than in the picture! LOVE IT!
Its even prettier in person than in the picture!! Great quality and a great price!
Great deal, good price. Beautiful watch anly down fall is, that it is not water resistant.
Perfect watch, just as I expected. Lokks great both casual and semi formal.
i did not receive it on time, nevertheless, i was satisfied after receiving itwhat a nice watch::::
Great value for the money, although it's a bit of a challenge to program some of the digital functions.
Watch works pretty good. Wish the face was white in color instead of that yellowish tone.
Great watch for the price.The first one went bad and Amazon replaced it immediately !!!!
Watch was a gift. The shipping was fast and the quality of the watch is outstanding.
Looks good for the price value, good quality leather strap. Its a sturdy watch for outdoor and sports activities.
Very happy with the watch. The seller had fast shipping and I could not find a better price anywhere.
I have had this Watch for 2 weeks it's grate and i have no problms at all
Gifted my 23yr old, raft-guide son for Christmas. He loves the look and functions of the watch. Yeah!
This watch is wonderful. No complaints here. Had it over a month with NO problems.
Simply put, great watch! Stylish, easy to use and offers a ton of functions.
Gave the watch to a man who LOVES watches. He thought it was awesome.
Purchased this as a gift for my son. Numbers are easy to read. He especialy likes the velcro band.
Muy R&aacute;pido en 2 dias lleg&oacute;.Tiene un peque&ntilde;o ara&ntilde;azo en la botonera pero por lo dem&aacute;s correcto.
The watch is great, heavy, and looks like a million on my wrist. People are noticing this piece allready.
I just bought this was for my wife a few weeks ago and she just loves it.
the product arrived in a few days in great condition and I've had no problems.
My daughter was thrilled with her Raymond Weil watch! Purchasing it via internet was, of course, convenient.
it's a very good idea for a gift. and i also gave it as a gift to my husband.
I just bought the same time piece for $199.00 at Value City,a retail store. What's up with that??
My watch is the second one I bought from Amazon, it is beautiful and the price was great.
My wife lit up when she saw this. Has a great look and made many points!
I love my watch. It is extremely attractive and not heavy at all to wear.
The watch has a timeless desing that makes it a perfect accessory for sports or formal wear.
The watch arrived in the conditions that was described on the website and on time for xmas
Purchased for my wife and she loves it. Great watch for the money. Feels very solid.
worked real well, alarm a little to quiet for my hearing. battery lasted a number of years, good value.
Fast shipping, great price, really nice watch. I highly recommend this seller.
Purchased this for my 8 year old son who totally loves it. Love its durability.
I liked it alot, i had one similar for years and still works.
That was a gift for my girlfriend, she loves it!, I recommend to buy it
This was purchased last year for me. It still works and is my favorite watch. I wear it everyday!
I love the watch. So many people ask where did i get it from i tell them Amazon.com .
This is a great watch. very durable, and will take some abuse, which is why I got it.
I'm very satisfied with this purchase and the price was the lowest on the internet.
My husband loved it. It could use some extra amenities, but all in all...great.
Greate, nice and very elegant watch. Everyone that saw it, like it very much.100% recomended.
According to Casio, this model does NOT have a mineral (hardened glass) crystal or lens.
This watch has turned out to be both rugged and attractive. That's a pretty uncommon combination...Highly recommended
Very good looking. Good value. I have had Gshocks for many years and this one looks great.
What else could you ask for in a watch. It's just a bit large on the wrist.
It came quickly in time for Christmas. My husband loves the watch. It was in great condition new.
It is big, But after three day of wearing it I star loving it , full of features.
This is a very nice inexpensive watch. But it can get scratched very easily.
Even after manually activating it won't receive the WWVB signal.Reazon unknown. I'm very disappointed!
THIS IS BY FAR ONE OF THE FINEST WATCHES I EVER BOUGHT. SUPER PRICE GREAT SERVICE.
This is the greatest watch ever made.They are getting very hard to find!
This is a nice watch, but the stretch band was not comfortable for me, so I returned it.
I am very pleased with the watch and it was delivered before the scheduled date.
Love this type of Swatch watches; the GB743 is my favorite. As usual, good quality, minimal design (B&W), excelent...thanks.
Great price and Great Products and fast serviceIt made Christmas shopping very comfortable & affordable this year
This is a great watch. Keeps perfect time, looks smart and is easy to wear
Coulkd not find this watch anywhere else. Husband will not where any other watch.
My 12 year old son absolutely loved his Eid watch. I highly recommend it as a gift.
My husband loves his new watch and thanks for super fast shipping... we got it the day before Christmas!
I bought this watch last year, still wearing it, love it. It's heavy, but was affordable. Buy it!
The watch arrived several days early. It keeps perfect time and is a comfort on the wrist.
Its a great watch for the price and its trendy too...
My 26 yr old son got this for his birthday. He loved it and wears at always.
A great bargain! Better looking in person then pictured. Easy to read, looks good, accurate time. Great everyday watch.
Product arived in good condition and fits perfect on the G2210 Gshock I have thanks
Very nice and expensive looking watch for this price. I'm getting so many compliments on it.
Beautiful watch and well worth the price. Very impressive watch and speedy, effortless service.
Everything went smoothly with the order and I couldn't be happier with the watch itself!
The watch is beatiful and elegant. The ecological technology is wonderful. I recommended. Perfect shipping time.
The smile on someone's face after wearing this creative peice says it all!!!
I purchased this watch for my wife's birthday and she and I both love it.
This watch is excellent, very accurate, reliable, and give you a lot of information. I recommend it highly.
Strong solid watch with all the features needed. Heavy weight, just the right size. Assembled in USA. Recommended.
The watch itself is absolutely beautiful, but when it arrived it didn't work. Waiting on another one!
Excelent quality and nice look, the batteries are not the best but are easy to change.
Dissappointed in this purchase, the bag looks nothing like the picture. The quality is poor.
For those who loved the movie , this is a must have accesory...
Has been an excellent watch. My daughter (14) really likes it. It's different, vanguardist, and a unique fashion item.
a beautiful time piece--only been wearing one day and have already gotten several compliments--really a great deal
This watch is of great value and great material. Very satisfied with the company's shipment and timely order satisfaction.
very smart looking--looks very expensive, but band is very large, had to have it made smaller
If you can't tell the differance between the men's and ladies watches, I'll take my business elsewhere.Amazon....get a clue
The watch is nice and keeps time as expected. Have not had any problems with it. Enjoy the investment.
The box is soft, and very durable. But it is a bit big.
I got it for free with my watch, but why get it. It takes up useful space.
good watchdifficult to change time when travelingpoor instructions of the many features
I bought this because of the purported battery life. Mine fell well short of ten years.
RECOMENDALE UN PRODUCTO DE CALIDADESTE RELOJ LLENO MIS ESPECTATIVAS LE DEBERIAN COMPRAR PARA MEJOR LOS ANTIGUOS Q TIENEN OK
This watch is spectacular. Even better than in pictures. Be very careful to buy it in non-authorized dealers.
Nice watch, large and easy-to-see numbers. For a plain, no frills watch, this is a good buy.
ITS A NICE WATCH, NOT HEAVY, THE COLORS ON THE SCREEN ARE PRETTY COOL, RESISTANT, SHOCKS, AND WATER
Excellent quality and worth more than the asking price. Buy it... you won't be disappointed.
Quality strap for such an inexpensive price. I would recommend Swiss Tech straps to anyone
works well, but scratches easily. advertised as scratch-resistant but it manages to show every scratch it comes across.
I like the watch but it is to big for a wrist watch. A real biscuit!
I am very happy with this watch but wish I had gotten one with more features.
Setting it up is a "bear"!!! I've spent an hour without success. Not happy!
I like the watch very much. It is exactly what I expected it to be
will never deal with these people againvery rude on the phone if you have a question about thereproduct...
tough watch, i like it. lcd is too small to read.it would be better if the face is bigger.
sturdy build, beautiful, fashion watch,recommend to everyone.watch is a bit heavy, but still a best one I've ever had.
I rate this product excellent. It is very very quiet and beautiful. Well done.
Looks perfect on hand. Not so heavy as written in other reviews. I like it!
This is a wonderful timepiece a great looking watch and very functional.Very pleased, the price was right.
My husband loves this watch...a bit too much I think. Great buy for the price!
I just LOVE my new watch - feels like I don't even have one on...........: )
The watch is beautiful yet rugged enough. Can be worn for drees up and for casual wear. just terrific.
excellente purchase U will be acquirin an excellent swiss quartz watch for less than 1000$
I purchased this watch and after a week it stopped working. Extremely disappointed and a waste of my money.
Extremely pleased with the product, it is a pleasure to wear and a true omega
Great watch. Great seller. I was very pleased with the product. Would definitely do business with this seller again.
Its a good choice an very elegant too,The price is very good also.
I just got this watch today. It looks classic and I really love it.
this is a great watch. love the butterfly clasp. am going to buy the black one as well.
That is fast! I don't remembered having received an item so quickly. And the watch is so pretty. Thanks.
Nice watch for the price! My wife will be impressed! Thinking of getting one for myself.
Nice watch and nice color but dial is huge! Takes up a lot of space on the wrist.
The band is very small on the watch. It does not fit comfortably on your arm.
This is a very nice watch, I'm very happy with it, it also came in a very nice box.
This is a lovely watch. It made a great gift that will be enjoyed for years.
IT IS TOO BIG WATCH , IT WAS NOT LOOKING THAT BIG IN THE WEB SITE
Cost $30 shipping to get warranty work done! Original review has been changed to 1 star.
1. A little bit bigger and clunkier than my previous (non-vibrating) Expedition.2. Does NOT beep and vibrate. Vibrates only.
The animation is great. Not the most functional watch ... but teh animation is entertaining.....
Keeps time just like it should. Its sharp and goes with just about anything from work to dress up.
This watch was a deal good case and band nicely styled. Promptly shipped and great service.
Excellent value, i especially love the design of the chain/bracelet.Going to get the Wine colour definately.
I purchased this for my adult son and he loved it. It's a beautiful casual watch for everyday.
The title says it all...looks good and I am well satisfied with the purchase.
Me mandaron otro modelo de Reloj y adem&aacute;s mas barato que el que yo hab&iacute;a pagado, lo devolv&iacute;.
Just exelent...!!! the watch arrived in great condition, just as appears in amazon web site. no coments..!!
good watch, a bit bulky around strap area alarm needs to be a bit louder.
ecellent watch, very fast shipping, it looks very nice , everybody loves my watch
I bought this watch for my son's birthday. He loved it. Any man would love this watch.
Very nice looking watch, except it's too large - unless you like large watches.
The product was exactly what it said it would be. I will buy from this seller again.
If you are looking for a good watch band for the money, this one has held up nicely.
Great watch, love it, get compliments on it all the time...a great deal and worth the treat....
This is the best watch ever. I have gotten numerous complements on it.
Muy bonito, pero el reloj se paro a los 20 dias de recibirlo.
Great watch, a little big for a womens hand, but even so, looks great!!
Pricing : value for moneyLooks :cute and trendyQuality :goodNo technical glitches, since its TIMEX.
I'M A GIRLY GIRL SO THE PINK BAND GOES WITH EVERYTHING, VERY GOOD DEPENDABLE WATCH. RECEIVED IN TIMELY MANNER.
Buyer Beware! Yahoo is not an authorized dealer! I bought it ....and was screwed!!!
Absolutely love my TAG!!! hands down the best watch for its price...
Great looking watch. Works well and is an excellent buy for the price. Can't go wrong with this one.
The watch is beautiful. It arrived as promised. The box was a little beat up, but other than that...perfect
Nice watch. Performed well BUT IT'S SMALLER and less impressive THAN THE PICTURE SHOWS>
Very nice watch for the price. Has a solid feel and face is well designed.
the watch is perfect , a best purchase, i am so glad with my new watch
Bad! Bad! Bad!don't morning this watch!back plate is many crash?and battery was empty!change my self it.fu
Is so nice watch and you can adjust very easy, Im a girl and fix it perfect!!
Good afternoon ... This merchandise will buy in August and to date I have received, who is responsible?
Very satisfied with watch. Can take out braclet links with bent paperclip knocking out in the direction of arrows.
Beautiful watch, came in great condition and was packaged well. Exactly what I was looking for!
Item received in perfect order and right on time. Great doing business.Thank you so much.Interik
Simple, solid and elegant. One of the best-designed combination watch-bracelet - simply perfect. Pleasure to wear.
Nice watch, looks great, got several compliments. It is elegant and classy, thin and does tell great time.
This is a beautiful analog watch for a little girl who loves Disney's Ariel!Love it!
My father is really happiest with his watch!This looks finest and cute!!!!Thanks a lot.
What a deal and what a watch. It turned out to be a wonderful Christmas gift to give!
Looked over and over for a better price and could not find it. Very happy with the purchase
Watch was in perfect condition and was purchased at a below retail price ... 100% pleased ...
Was an Xmas gift to my son-in-law. Has already gotten several comp;iements on it. He loves it!
I love my watch because I can see the hands easly and read the date without squinting.
It works well and is easy to set the date and time. It;s a good watch for work.
Great watch for an old guy with bad eyesight. The dial is large, clear, and very readable. Perfect watch.
I have been a timex owner for years. This is a great watch at a great price!!
This is a great watch for the money! Keeps perfect time, and looks good also!
This watch keeps perfect time & is easy to read.Overall a very good value & great service!
This is the most uncomfortable watch band I have ever owned. Should have gotten the leather band.
Watch is great but the band broke the third day I wore it
YOU CAN NOT SPEND THAT MUCH MONEY AND GET A BETER WATCH .P E R I O D !
Got this for my husband, he loves it! It is easy to read and has a nice night light.
Watch serves my purposes very well. Wrist band could have been a tad larger. Otherwise an excellent choice. Kub
Very nice watch!.. though a bit bulky (but not heavy) .. I am very happy with it ..
Wonderfully beautiful watch, but it is so complicated that without the manual you're lost.
My husband uses this watch to work every single day. Geat buy and looks very nice!-
SHE LOVES YOU WATCH FOR BEING A NURSE FOR WORK IN THE X-RAY ROOM
It's bigger than looks in the picture. but my wife was pleased with the present
I got this watch for my relative..But its not very extra ordinary...Its good but look wise normal nothing dashing...!!
Nice watch.Large easy to read time.Two issues:1. Band very small.2. Day & Date small and hard to read.
I've used a watch of this design for many years and they work great for about 3 years.
Really love this watch, so comfortable to wear and stylish. Also great bang for buck.Couldn't be any happierThanks
it was a good transaction. I like my new watch and I got it at a good price.
I'm happy with the watch. It does what they said it would do. Easy to use.
Second one of these watches I've had and love them.Amazom had the best price around.
THE PRODUCT IS WELL DESIGNED AND EASY TO USE, A FEW MORE OPTIONS THANARE USEFUL TO A RETIRED PERSON.
I have been using this product for years. I just needed to replace the ones that broke.
The watch is working great. I enjoy the easy update of info from my computer.
I was very impressed with the price & speed that this sale was handled.
Good watch. i love it. the software is not compatable for Mac. I will work only in windows.
After a lot of searching I decided this was the watch for me. I was right!
Really great features. It's like having my computer on my wrist.
Excellent product for those with a need for reminders. Birthdays, anniversaries, appointments, pin numbers, cc numbers etc. etc.
The indiglo light died after a couple of months, other than that I love the watch.
the product arrived as expected. the tracking did not work as to when.thank you
Awesome price and a great watch. Exactly what I was looking for. Fast delivery too.
Great product. Use daily! Wont ever need another watch, unless i break this one :)
Does exactaly what I wanted it to. I haven't had band problems yet and works just as advertised.
Great Deal. Timex is a terrific durable watch and this one is no exception!
I have a few of this watches and they do last a long. time
The watch was as advertised and the price was right and I received it in a short time
I love the large display and functionality of the buttons. Too bad the band keeps peeling off.
Bought 2 of those !Only problem is the wristband !Breaks pretty easy !So treat it well !
a light watch, good , except the font is small.but this style is too old in the timex series.
Very happy with the product. Didn't come with manual, but fairly easy to figure out.
The watch is exactly as advertised. I am very pleased with it's quality and function. Two thumbs up!
Despite of being analog, the watch mechanism is noisy, you can hear it ticking in your room.
Nice appearance and solid construction. Instructions for setting the digital portion are lengthy and confusing.
Very attractive and sturdy watch. It is a bit heavy but for the price i really love the watch.
Very good sports watchbig display for easy viewinglove the indigo lightfeels very comfortable
This product worked exactly as I imagined. It is easy to used and fits my large hands very well.
I love timex. They are very reliable. Additionally, on this watch I like the indiglo light.
Love the watch. Does what it needs to do and does it great. Cheap, durable and proficient.
It's been on dozens of camping trips and exposed to lots of elements and works great.Lucaswww.evergreenusa.com
this is a great watch. i haven't found much use for the compass yet but i'm still looking.
Been using this wtch for a few years...great value. Just purchased this one for my grandson Derick.
liked my first one so much, i had to order an exact replacement when it died
Very nice watch for the price. Compass seems to be pretty accurate and looks great. Comfortable to wear
I've had this watch for over 6 years and I love it. Excellent quality.
This is an excellent watch and I could buy it in time before stock ran out in Amazon.
there should have been an indication of actual sizeVery small for a man's watch
Like the watch. Disappointed that the battery died within 2 weeks of receiving it.
Very nice watch, especially for the price. I haven't taken it diving yet, except in a pool(12').
Great Deal for this watch. Looks just like the picture. Only downfall I wish it had instructions.
Classic style and leather, too! The perfect little black watch at the perfect price.
good watch. great price. cant get any cheaper than that for a timex womens watch
all the other reviews of this watch were true. It easy to read, fashionable and the price is terrific
The watch is very good although the leather band could be longer for me. The price is right!
The Movado Museum is ,well what else can you say (It's the Movado Museum).
it's a beautiful watch, I am very happy with it and will get another very soon
Momentum Atlas Men's Titanium Bracelet Watch #1M-SP00O0Exactly as described! Most amazing watch I've ever owned.
I am very impressed with the value, the delivery time, and in general, everything about my purchase.
This Movado watch is for both dress and every day. It is beautiful, elegant and comfortable.
I never received the product and I had to ask for the reimbursement of which I paid.
I could not be more happy with my new watch. It is precise and fashionable.Thank you amazon.
This is an excelllent watch, and it does what it promises to be.
I will definietly order with them again! thanks for making everything smooth and easy. I'm a first time user.
What can I say it's a SeikoBest watches I've ownedKeeps better time than my Rolex or Tag
My husband loved it, also a lot of folks commented to him that the watch is great looking.
Half the price they wanted at JC Penney. Watch came in record time. Will buy again.
Wife loved this plus I saved 20% off with coupon code. Great deal and super fast shipping.
